It is so good and faster
Awesome customizability
Nice design, but i can't extract rar file,
Does what it needs to w/o a lot of excess. Switched from ES File Manager which was a great decision. One thing I haven't been able to find is a select all (I wanted to move all pictures from phone DCIM folder to a pictures folder on the SD card).
A nice alternative Fully functional, and free to boot. Well done!
Simple, yet great Fast, lightweight, functional. Love it!
Incredible Love the material design. Love the simplicity and power.
Hamim Enterprise
Amazing Simple and very nice . .
Open Source
Share option Thank you so much for fixing the share option problem....
Better and better
Very beautiful Work flawless on lollipop
The best thanks pro!!!!!!!!!
Amazing.. Better alternative to ES
The Best File Manager. : D
Clean, functional without bloat or ads.
Clean and simple
I loved it very much. It has everything I need. And looks fantastic.
AWE
Nice UI I love the material UI as well as root. The only thing I would ask for is a better icon
Nice Best out there
it is pretty, free and light.
Simple.and easy to use I love this file manager..I really am amazed at how easily I can get things done I normally would just put off due to being to time consuming or complacated. .I really like this app.and I first found it while on the infamous custom rom on my note 4 tmobile ..now that I know about it.i will install on every rom I go threw.keep up the great work! !
Clutterfree simple file browser Minimalstic clutter-free file browser without any bloats which does the jib and does it very well. Icing on the cake, its open source
Just need... Zip Viewer and Fast scroll handle. Otherwise it is sweet ;)
Amazing job ,beautiful!
Early impression 5 stars after first impression. I will edit if that changes. Good work Dev.
Clean file manager.. But does not showing folder size, need to fix this. Everything else is great.
Too Many errors
Amazing app Deserves 5 stars, butlags on zipping of big files
Better than Es Explorer
Great file manager This is my go-to file manager. It's lightweight, feature intensive, looks great, and everything I need to do I can do with this file manager.
Replacement for ES File Explorer If you're tired of all the BS that keeps getting shoveled into ES File Explorer this is the app you're looking for.
Best app ever
Simple useful
Love it!
Nice
Nice, clean and functional
Prefect Just what I was looking for.

too gud i can easily unhide hidden files
Worth more than beta! This is too great as a beta..  many features is available for free.. The UI, color scheme, function, all.. Until now, work fine just like one of my favorite explorer app.. Keep it up, Dev!
nice Nice to use this kinda file explorer
Beautifull Can u please add some animations like those in google keep. When opening and closing some folder we get animation starting and ending at same point. Rest everything is awesome.
Very good file manager, supports root access, is open source, and looks great!
Amazing
I appreciate developers to do good work
Good Helpfull
Beautiful file manager Beautiful and sleek file manager with material design. All basic functions are there and the usability is great.
Looks nice
Light, simple, fast and intuitive - with all the functionality I need. Apparently I don't need that much functionality and for most cases this app suits my needs just fine. Love it.
The best on market UI is pretty cool
Really good.
Open Source + Material UI = Poof! Certainly one of the best, no bloat file manager. The Material Design just is an icing on the cake.
Love it
Awesome
Scroll issue When I try to use the scroll bar (instead of swiping my fingers) the transition is not good, it just flickers...
Simple, beautiful and supports SMB shares!  I was looking for a file manager I can use to access to SMB shares. All  other alternatives are either bloated with useless features like application managers, file cleaners or download monitors, or they don't have streaming from smb shares.  Amaze is just what I want and nothing more. Bonus points for open source. Wonderful!
I like it Nice features easy to use
Awesome Cool better than all the other.              Love it extremely awesome the best I've seen in my life. Keep up the good work team amaze. And keep amazing others
Being Great The idea is great but the app is not perfect because it's not complete yet. But it's being perfect with each update. So 5 star in advanced.
Nice
Solid replacement to the others I used to use regularly. Nice matching ui! Thanks for the hard work on this. Dev, a chance to check md5 in .zip properties in future?  ....1/17 looks nice  :)
It's... Amaze-zazing...
Beautiful Easily the most beautiful file manager which does the job well!
Amazing Experience, out of all tried and tested FM's
Beautiful and Functional I like this fill manager but I'm not a fan of the new launcher icon.
Love the UI The only file manager who really embraces all the capabilities of Material Design. •∆• AFTER NEWEST UPDATE •∆• App force closed when I select Images in the left-pane tab. √Just directly emailed the dev, seems like now the bug is solved. I'm amazed by how fast their response :D keep up the good work, cheers!
Hannan OK
Google Nexus 6 Yeah Bro Its Superb
amazing This is 5 stars, specially the FTP feature.
On the Nexus 6 The internal folder, (sd card), does not show up unless I search for it. If I click on the bookmark for storage it doesn't show up but if I go from root to storage, emulated.
Good
Great App Fully customizable, yet powerful and easy to use
Simply beautiful Material look sleek indeed, and faster loading. Bookmark instead of clicking it twice, maybe better if implemented on side menu.
Shows great promise
A great Open Source replacement for Astro file manager! So many good features and things like zip files just work as expected.
No adds , clean,  beautiful
Usefull for opening unusual file type
Awesome file manager

Truly Amazing! 😍
3.3.0 a much needed update! Finally!!
Replaces ES File manager
Slick Very slick and easy app. Very well implemented the Material Design.
NYC one
Favorite file manager for lollipop A beautiful modern feel and a solid foundation with plenty of customization and features. Yep this file manager is my favorite and I have tried just about all of them.. I appreciate your hard work to make such a great app
Awesome Alternative to ES File Explorer Sweetly Materialised. Very clean and minimalistic design. But what I am missing in it is the use of gestures. Hope to see the same in the future updates
A 'dark theme' option, Thank you so much. Very well done. Practical and beautiful.
Great
Were used this app
Light and clean with no ads. Great work!
This app plus ghost commander can beat non-free ones.
nice apps
No ads... awesome After searching through lots of file managers, it looks like the best. Ad free and simple. Loved it. 👍
Simple, lightweight, and quick. A perfectly capable file explorer for most users. This is a good alternative to the native file explorer bundled with Nougat. If you're looking for something more feature-rich, give FX Explorer or Solid Explorer a try, in addition to Amaze. Each of which are wonderful android apps to use and I cannot recommend them more.
Works for me So far I like it...I think it's very good for a beta app!
Excellent no ads,no purchases simple best  and great UI
I think the best file manager Only thing I would like to be added is to have more options in the app manager (such as "sort by", and size), and the "sort by" option to be more easily accessible (but that might be just me being used to find it in a different place)
Sooooooo simple, yet complete!!! I love it. 💓
Just amazing But... Could you please show the total size of folders (like in solid explorer)? You could add an option for it in the settings
I really like the simple and clean design of this file manager. Its light, fast, and only have a needed function of file manager without some bloat function that you don't need on a file manager apps.
Noice Best out there, does its job, well laid out and material design 🗂
Beautiful app Lot of functionality!
Make a 1€ paid version guys!
Beautiful and Simple Design Great file manager, I recommend it
Perfect material design
Most beautiful and lightweight file browser ever
Just amazing... So easy to use; simple, no-nonsense interface without any ads... I could even use it with root access in my Tab S when no other file explorer (even ES File Explorer Pro) could...
Customizable, ad free, free works really well. Awesome job devs! 😀
Tranferring files I am facing problem when transferring files from the internal storage to a pendrive after the newest update
nice
Nice app It looks just like HTC file manger just with a NICE ui overhaul. I will use thIS as my only file explorer as I just found root settings. Amazing with no addons...I have linked this to my google +
Good alternative to ES File Explorer that has turned into malware
Uwesome
Best file manager ever. Built-in manager in sony sucks, but when I fpond this one, I was amazed :)
Still the best material designed file manager I've tested but I don't like the fact that delete is now buried within a menu rather than at the top of the screen when files are selected.
Exceeding expectations Best so far
Simple to use and there are no complicated interface issues with this app. It is now my default file browser
Simple file manager with intuitive design and modern UI.
My new goto file manager

Never ceases to amaze me Just when I think that it can't get any better, it brings along an update which improves the experience.
Just love it....
Best file manager I have used by far, and it's totally free with no ads! It is highly customisable with being overwhelming, with logical settings and a simple to use nature. The app also has great theme capability which allows you easily to change the colours of the app to suit your preference. This file manager easily stacks up to paid options, and I would happily pay for it! Dev; please don't change it, it's taken me so long to find this! :D
Excelente
Great Great but 2 pane view for landscape would be even more awesome
Awesome!
Really great design. Would be nice to see a support for cloud storage. Give ES file explorer some competition.
Great file manager. It has all of the features other browsers charge for, great theme customization, and best of all it's free and open source.
Great app, sadly smb does not work, has no other network connections.
Fantastic File Manager! Superb UI and material design with themes, Root exploration and most definitely easy to use and ad free.
Functional and aesthetic A fully functional, well designed file manager with features that rival it's top competitors but not bloated like others. The app's frequently updated and the code is transparent and open source via github.
I am a beautiful person.
Amazing!
Really love it with te availability of network connection to PCs.
Having some issues with the app on the pixel 2 XL. Keeps on force closing when I open a file that it recently extracted. Sometimes force closes when opening a file (like  a picture ) and returning back to the app. Can't tell if deletion or extraction  was a success. There's no progress bar or any indication. Have to reopen the app.
FAST, does everything I could want, open source, even access network file shares!
Super smooth and works great.  Used to use complicated multipane  file managers to move stuff around but once I for used to the simple interface I prefer this...
No nonsense file manager.
All in one blast..... App is very nice.....but also add Apk Manager above App manager .......and ..extracting to desired location.
Material design Goog
awesome update however there is a bug in add shortcut option.plz fix it.
Best material design file manager
please don't spoil this project like es explorer. Keep it simple
Good!
Easy to use and feature rich
Look amazing Everything works.
I very much like the clean, intuitive, simple navigation of this file manager. I one issue I have and that is I am trying to figure out how to give write access to the external 128GB MicroSD card.  When I try to copy/paste, or cut/paste objects from one location to the other I am being told I need to choose the root folder of the resource (external MicroSD card) and give it write permissions.  But, no where is it clear as to how to do this.  At least it is not obvious how to do so.    One feature  I would like to see is, the ability to copy/cut/paste files from my home network's computer, NAS, etc., over WiFi to my Android device as well.     Other then that, wonderful and simple file manager.  A big thank you.
Amazing There is only one function that I miss. I cannot make shortcuts  to place them on home screen.
Simple. Efficient.
Very nice!! OPEN SOURCE!! Nicely surprised @ this file browser! Active application running @37.5mb, not bad. Very, very clean UI. Folder creation works. **dev. Please add networked access to PC. **dev. Please add option to allow changing the directory location for main menu items (DCIM, download, movies, music, videos and pictures).OPEN SOURCE app!!****No access to /data or others, even with root access and a app restart.
Good app
Need this 1)Besides copy and delete, add 'cut' button too. 2) Add a Recycle Bin so that deleted files can be retrieved. This app is light and bloatware free and I loved this.
Function 5/5. UX 5/5.
I am here just want to support open-source app. I love it!!!
After the downfall of ES File Manager, Amaze rises from the ashes like a phoenix.
Just what I was looking for ! A simple effective interface in lollipop style. The other file managers try to do too much.
Wonderful
Wonderful Excellent design and easy navigation. Few things would make it complete like built in extraction of zip,rar files.
Perfect (Y)
Simply Better

Plzzz change ur icon otherwise app is superb... Just love material design
One of the best file managers I've used on Android, even in its beta stage. The design is clean and functional, and the app is very well-designed. The fact that it's open source is a great bonus, too.
Piece of perfection!
Amazing!
The best I find this to be the best file manager for android, i used other apps but this is the best and it is free.
Well I love app and rate it 5 star, but uninstalling for now, looking for file manager with in built text editor and image viewer... Will check back later
Cleanest open source file browser Was looking for an open source ES File Explorer replacement. This was the best one i could find. I really like the design and do not miss any features. Thanks for creating this beautiful app!
Light and beautiful!
Simple snd clean
Liked it Feature rich, Adfree, Low on resorces. Good replacement for ES File explorer
Nice app Its simple and very cool
Really amazing
Simple UI / Open Source / No Ads
The best file manager with app manager to backup your apps
The best file manager, paid or free. Has tons of features. It supports file encryption, USB OTG (USB On The Go), root access, zip compression, and FTP. It has tons of features, and is free and open source.
Xiaomi mi3 Loved it,keep improving it.
Love it! I yse this file manager just because it fits my Android L Material Design theme. Seriously.
Still a long way to go Incredible app with lots of potential, needs to improve in areas like copying, moving files. It can be more interactive during file transfer, copying, moving (please have a look at ASUS file manager). In Android 5.1 lollipop sometimes moving multiple files makes them disappear. Please ensure stability especially while moving, copying files. Please provide sidebar with quick navigation,  means you can slide the bar very fast and release it to the alphabet you want, like you do in contacts app.
Super fast A pleasure to use. Need cloud support with file transfer, please.
Lightweight, functional and ad-free. UI size and layout isn't very customizable, but that isn't an issue for me.
I'm amazed by Amaze! Perhaps the fastest and most good looking file manager for android with lots of features. Just wish the developers rename the name to simply Amaze. The current name "Amaze File Manager" is too long and doesn't look good on my minimalist screen
I don't usually write reviews but this has been the most solid and good looking file browser. It even comes with an FTP server for large file transfers!
Very good app. It's name should not be containing "Amaze". As it should be standard.
Nice app with dark theme. + for open source! Update: All good now!
Best among the bests Awesome..... (y)
Fantastic file manager... Super job... Keep it up.✌🙌
Nice Loveit
Looks great. It does crash every now and then though
Great design but... It crashes very often but has potential to be great
Best file manager! After trying a lot of different file managers, this one seems to be the best. It's easy to use and it looks good and it has full root capabilities. What more could you ask for?
UI can be better but else way better than lot of paid file managers. Open source FTW!
Great file manager I am too much invested in ES File explorer, so can't really change that.. But hey, you guys have made a beautiful and functional file manager!Edit: Back to amaze again!
Supper Happy I'm using a nexus 7 tablet and this app works great! I can access the files I need on an external flash drive with ease and without constant irritating pop-ups slowing this old device down.
The number 1 file manager for me
Perfect! Was using es file Explorer. It consumed a lot of ram and was always on in background. This is a perfect replacement. I just want to ask the developer to incorporate features to read and edit pdf, ppt, docx file formats... It would be greatly appreciated. Thanks
Nice app Like
Great file manager Well hats off to the dev. But I would like to see some ui improvements in it. Some more skins with some good folder icons... But overall a very nice app
Superb I will give more than 5 stars,( but unfortunately the maximum is 5). But can you fix the problem with backup location. 😳
Good App Beautiful interface nice look bery responsive
Ad free! Connects to smb! It does the thing!

Awesome App This app is great. The best thing is it is free, open source and no ads
Awesome Best file manager on the play store.
The Best Best file manager I have used
Beautiful. Minimalistic. Laconic. Solid.
Best file explorer... Awesome work, loving the material UI... Only thing is the way it handles the USB otg ... The bookmark doesn't open up the USB drive... Other than that it's the best... Keep up the good work..
Well done man..! Nehraji u have done it.. Just like normal file manager but it rocks bcoz of its material UI.. There is one problem ive seen.. I'll mail u.. ;) keep it up.. */edited/* well done arpit (y)...!!! although want to mention this especially for newbie kitkat users... "You can't do write operations by using any of 3rd party app.. This not a problem or any bug! this is kind of limitation made by google android dev itself.. Want to overcome? Root ur device any install any sdcard permission change wala app" ;)
Good file manager
But... Opening bookmarks... !
Best open source file manager.
Super Nice
Finally I got the replacement for es file explorer.I am really satisfied with the simplicity of the app. Great work devs..👍 Please add an option to hide system apps in app manager window...
Amazing file manager Really well made and functional, good and simple design, just right amount of features. Root explorer is working fine and has helped me debloat my phone. App manager is having some minor problems, it only updates application status after reboot. Otherwise no problems, I would give you 10/5 stars if I could... I'm using f-droid version, installed it over Google play only to leave this review.
Does everything I need Looks great. Clean, material, and themes. Cop, paste, search etc. Movies, pictures, download, music, all management and loads more. Top app!
Great I was very loyal to other browsers till I found this! Very fast, smooth, and tons of options!
One of my top apps. Excellent. Thanks
Would love more information density or more items per screen
Copying from SMB doesn't work, finishes instantly but leaves no file.
So far so good Just update grid view
Good But better if don't ask for identity permission. Like!
Amaze an Amazing file manager
awesome!!
Beautiful
Ftp server is awesome!
Excelente Un gran reemplazo para el es file explorer excelente trabajo
Perfect....!
THUMBNAILS SHOULD BE SQUARE TAB S 8.4  Android 6.0.1
Defenetly good I've just read the article on xda , and I was like why not.... Now I'm glad I have given this app a chance it's amazing!
Nice app
The best
Simply awesome
Feature requests! Can we have support for accessing the phone by ftp and accessing remote FTP/SFTP servers?
No word to say Very unique & smooth . thnxs  for great app mr maker
Needs little improvements The app is nice, but it needs some improvements like: 1.The top part might be of a lesser height. Right now I feel it covers too much of space. 2. Darker status bar (no problem with the existing implementation, but it would look better with a darker status bar).
Wonderful! Very nice fluid design will really appreciate if u all could add a note viewer and editor
Free and Open Source Finally... a small, simple, free file manager that has all the functionality you need and also looks nice! Thanks for making this Open Source!
Excellent! Open, free & easy.
Awesome Great material file explorer without ads and all the features you (probably), need. Two thumbs up.
Very good file manager and love the Skins
Please provide an option to disable pull to refresh The file manager that convinced me in both UI/UX. But please do provide an option to disable pull to refresh, Everytime I pull down intending to reach top of the list fast it refreshes. And also an option to reduce the action bar width.
Veeeeeryyyyy goooooood

Best File Manager Hands-Down I've tried most, and thus is the best File Manager that I have ever found. Straightforward, easy, and simple to use. It even gives you thumbnails of images and programs.
Don't lose time with other file manager This software is so effective..Because there is stupid ads..It is so simple to use it....I think  you should try it ...You never regret...
Simple but powerful Just what you want in an explorer, simple but effective. Would love to be able to select a directory and have the application recursively add the contents to my Google Drive (or other) via "Share". Thanks devs, I've been after a simple explorer like this forever.
Useful, free, awesome. Great job.
App Very user friendly and very useful....
Perfect! I can view any item, not just the "modified last". FTP is cool. Crypto and compression woohoo!
Lightweight and without ads. Amazing file manager.
Superb !!
Great alternative to es explorer bloat adware.  Thx!
رائع جدًا
Amazing file manager Really well made and functional, good and simple design, just right amount of features. Root explorer is working fine and has helped me debloat my phone. App manager is having some minor problems, it only updates application status after reboot. Otherwise no problems, I would give you 10/5 stars if I could... I'm using f-droid version, installed it over Google play only to leave this review.
Loving it Woww
Simple and beautiful.
Very good Perfect so far for my usage. Good customization. Perfect design. No issues. Might even replace Root Explorer that I've been using for years.  And that means something!
New favourite file manager I prefer this over other file managers as its clean and simple. Very good job
Awesome piece of kit!
روووعه اروع مدير ملفات
Best file manager Really good, only missing thumbnail's for images and video's
Good job! Material design looks awesome here, pretty solid explorer been using it for a month or so without fcs or troubles whatsoever
Excellent
Thanks Developers Just awesome. Loved the meterial design...
Simple and good Android needs more apps like this. Simple, beautiful and no unnecessary ads.
amazing
Super Amazing performance. Better than es
Great looking and functional!
The best!
I gave it 5stars because it is so understandable, easy even for a noob like me.
Love this app
Awesome Replaced my other file managers! Only thing missing would be a progress bar that can be minimized when you copy or move a file. So you have an idea of how long it'll take.
Joedaar
La mia preferita. Funziona bene, appare bella ed è veloce!
Best of its kind(free ones) Customization at its best
Awesome Has almost all the features of es without the bloating.
Great job It's gonna be awesome if you add dual tab exploring feature like explore file manager also i had a problem with Search function when im trying to finde for e.x *.pdf the app doesn't find any match but when I'm search for pdf, it does.
Perfect
Great app. Ditched ES which has become bloated adware. This is phenomenal.
Nice Love it
Gorgeous file Manager with best design
Better than ES
Excellent

Really this is the best file manager which I have seen ever had
This is the best file manager I've found for Android. Simple, functional, attractive, and open source. Highly recommended.
Loved it This is the best file manager for Android.
Best one This is the best file manager I have used. A must on any nexus device which is missing a native file manager.
Awesome! Very beautiful design! Has all the features a power user needs. The first app to replace Total Commander in my app list.
Fantastic open source file manager with a really nice design.  One thing I'd like to see - "Open with" on HTML documents doesn't list Chrome as an option (however this is a possibility on other file managers). I'm not sure if this is a system issue or something that could be added to Amaze.  In any case, fantastic tool and I'm glad there's such a good, open source option!
I have been looking hard for a replacement for ES file explorer since I have been having root issues with it on the dreaded systemless root and after trying several different root file explorers, I am finally going with this one. It has everything in it that I need and none of the unwanted fluff. Great work dev.
It was included in the custom rom I installed. I love it now. Great UI
One of the best file managers. I only have one issue. When moving files from internal storage to SD card, the files don't appear in apps such as Google Photos, until after i reboot the phone.  edit: I should have mentioned, this problem doesn't occur with other file managers I've tried.
Clean, functional and beautiful! Nothing against
AwesoMaterial!
amazing app does everything I need it to and more. thanks Devs
Best
I'm developer and I love your work... Good application.
cannot edit default spinner tabs
Super I love it
Bechtel
Just keeps getting better!
I'm maintaining the rating for the time being but the app won't start on my new mate 9.  Crashes instantly.  Fix?
So good!
Nice Switched from es, thanks
Amazing Simple yet brilliant.
Simple, fast, and lightweight. One of best file explorers out there. It's open source too.
Amaze File manager Amaze File manager
Ok Great
The very best!
Review The things with most material managers are they are good looking but they compromise on features . This delivers on both so kudos to the devs . One request would be to change the app icon which looks pretty ugly . May be try out something like that in moonshine icon pack
Clean and responsive Nice set of features and functionality. Simple and fast UI and easy to navigate. Nice!
Very good Sexiest file manager out there.
Beautiful. Couldn't find how to access SMB shares though (the 3.0.0 "what's new" says SMB was implemented). EDIT: Thanks! (duh, I hadn't used the "+" button yet...). My life is now complete!
Great Simple and functional
Nice Love it
Very Nice
Nice icon, nice name, I like all updates so far
Free open source and excellent.
Stopped using ES Folder and came here Great! Simple!
Loved it Ek number aahe asplet 8airbone isse  chalta hay without file download thanks amaze team
Latest update fixed crashing for me. Droid turbo 4.4.4 stock. Great app. Thank you for fixing the crashing so quickly.
Great! My new favourite file manager This has become my new favourite file manager after another popular app went down the pan. Full featured but uncluttered.
Just awesome

Best file manager
Awesome ;) Best file manager I have ever used... :)
One of the best file manager
Fix please. So on other file manager if i open very large like conf file ex:apns config on /system/etc . then it not LAGS. Im using exynos note 3 btw. And in yours and some other it lags so much. Cant even scroll to bottom. Maybe allocate more ram? Or use all threads available? And remember hardware rendering :) great job btw. Best file manager
I loved it because as opposed to other apps cluttered with ads and intrusive features, this one is clean, concise and fast.
Extremely fast and intuitive file manager.
Ah !! What a lovely , beautiful interface and color options is best thing. Built by a person having simple,effective and artistic approach.
Great! Works well, looks good, and it's FREE.  Author should be paid...it's certainly worth paying for it (a nominal amount)
No annoying ads in your face! Awesome file manager with no annoying ads!
Works great Open source, no ads, and free. Can't ask for much more than that.
Used Amaze to uninstall ES File Explorer, it felt good.
Its awesome
Es got replaced I just couldn't find a better file explorer ,the best and most simply ui,many settings and open source
Coolest
Awesome Best material file manager!!!
Good one.
Loved it ;-;
Amazing This file explorer has lollipop theme and root. And solid as solid explorer
Ui Ui attracts people
Better than es Now that es has gotten a little bloated and slow IMO, this app is great. Whether doing a simple file transfer, or browsing through your documents, this app is a must have.
Awesome App
Cheers Bloody brilliant
Simply Amazing.
Clean look and use.. that's enough to get a 5 star I loved it
Nice Great looking...
Looks great Suggestion, 1.cloud support, 2. Image browsing need to support gesture, instead of 1 at a time. 3. Remove text editor, it can not auto detect encoding, have problem with large file, and never as powerful as pure text editor, which has syntax highlighting, replace, auto complete etc.  If u want to enhance txt editor, try with over 1mb novels, and replace func incliding \n. We'd better have edit/view mode switch, and coding/novel text mode switch, but is it necessary?
Awesome Took me a moment to figure out setting up smb but once I got that going it works flawlessly.
Open source is the best!
lovely awesome
Moto g Love iT
Great file explorer Looks good. Smb access so I can stream shows from my home server, works great.
Amazing Awesome app
It's not well This app can not start...
Great app, lots of potential Only missing is the ability to edit .txt/XML or any other text files. (Or I just didn't see it?) A lot better stock replacement, file manager.
Awesome Loved it
Pure white brought me here xD
Awesome use of Material design
Open source and I love it
The best file manager It has everything you need
Great! My new favourite file manager This has become my new favourite file manager after another popular app went down the pan. Full featured but uncluttered.

The best file manager for Android. If you want all the features the F-droid build has superior functionality​.
Very useful for root users
Best file manager around!
Best File manager out there
Works well and has by for the best looking interface of them all.
Not only is the most functional best looking file manager. It's also opensource and ad free. Better than most "pro" versions of many popular file manager.
Great app... Look nice,great UI...only thing missing is zip file support. Keep up the good work !
Amazing I find this amazing, and i could say, this is the best UI i even found in a file manager !!
New light blue icon is good!
Great file manager Does what it's supposed to do and best of all it's free! Way better than any other ones on the Play Store.
There should a setting in which Icons colors should change randomly otherwise it's a great app
Great
n1
Simple and to the point. Hopefully more features will come in the future.
Put some nyc themes so it looks attractive
Amaze!! !!
Thank You Team Amaze for being Pro India...
Amazed by the ui... I'm in Love with the ui.. Since download I've forgotten about es-explorer.. and I can move multiple files at once., donno why others cant.. And What it really lacks is support for zip and other compressed formats..
Love the material design
Wow. Just wow.
Very polished and plenty of options without any ads or bloat. Sadly, it is missing LAN file sharing, which is a deal-breaker for me. Also, some of the 1 star reviews are quite off-putting. Hopefully the devs are committed to ironing out all bugs.
The best free file explorer.  I'd love to see network functionality added in the future, otherwise this app is perfection.
Nice work Another great open source app! And the only one I've found that opens tar.gz archives:)
My go to file manager! Awesome sauce!
That is so lit🎮🎮🎮
The Most Beautiful Thing Ever I'm not even kidding. Its the most beautiful thing ever! Thank you for saving me a few bucks from buying Solid Explorer!! You are the best. I hope you don't change ^_^
When downloading, when I enter  Storage/Download directory the app keeps reloading itself please fix that
Free and not bloated Excellent app! Used to use ES but the free version became so bloated, I got tired of it. This has all the basics, it's free, no adds or useless stuff. Perfect for my needs! Great job, keep up the good work!
Light and fast! Cloud support would be nice.
Does what it needs to I came here because es file explorer now has more bloatware than software. Please keep your software simple. A file explorer should just be a file explorer. Thanks. Great job on this.
cool
Amazing Awesome app
Zip files Awesome app, just need option to open zip files.
Best file manager Looks great works perfectly.
Amazing!
Excellent file manager! If you need a quick and free solution for managing files, this is the way to go. I only hope they add more features (a storage analyzer would be nice to find out what's eating up my space!).
Why does it always open on Root folder? I have not enabled root access, yet it always opens from root folder. I want it to always open from phone memory, and have the other tab as external sd card
Excellent It have everything you expect from a file explorer
Did what I wanted it to do . Found hidden unwanted photos and files.👍👍
Great Better than my lg g2 file manner

Amaze is a one the best file manager
The best file manager I've ever used! I used to hate material design,  I had no clue what it actually was... Then I got this app, it's beautiful! The only thing that it's missing is support for popular cloud storage. If you added Dropbox support, I would, I dont even know! I would pay you? Its amazing!
The best file manager
Amaze(ing) ! I'm very happy with the app. Thanks for being ad free & open source ☺
Love this app Beautiful design, love the random skin option in the settings. A little closer attention to Material Design guidelines (thinking slide out drawer specifically) would make this app perfect).
Периодически вылетает
Material Design Finally! A file manager that looks good on Android L! Not only is the interface of this app superb, it also preforms simple file tasks well, and more advanced operations are either already available, or are under development as of this review. So far, this seems to be a well supported app with a great interface.
It's... Amazing :D Solid app! Nice clean UI, has most of the features, still needs to fill up a few empty spaces, but very usable now and it's heading to the top. Best of all, it's open source. Keep it up, guys!
Outstanding! I was having some issues with my CM file manager. As I was searching highs and lows, I found this app in an XDA post. Thank you!
One of the best file managers out there This gotta be in the top 3 best looking and functional file managers out there. Would give 6 stars if I could &lt;3
Great!  Highly recommend!
Great! If you need a fast, small file explorer and don't really want to have anything to do with rooting, do go with this! (PS, it's good even with root, just that I've not tried it that way :p)
Clean Enough said
Add FTP connection too Samba connection is good too but please add just FTP connection too.
Great!
Great Working now. Thanks.
Pefect !
Open source, lightweight, simple file manager... what more can someone ask for?!
Amazing The best app to manager my phone with material design and faster!
Best file explorer/manager I've used in a while A few minor issues, and I'd rather the navigation bar color not get hijacked, but overall nice and works.
Material design is superb!
Just what I've been looking for I love this manager!  Perfect combination of form and function.  Beats all the other file managers I've tried!
Nice Modern UI
Excelente aplicación para observar archivos
Use good..
Unlike seemingly every other file explorer on the play store, amaze is fully free, completely functional, and supports root. Definitely the gold standard.
Absolutely brilliant. I absolutely love it. Holy wow.
(Amaze)ing! Best file explorer with vast potential! All I found to have problem with is it doesn't detect otg devices. Hope you'll add its support soon... Otherwise its a great app.
Light and fast! Cloud support would be nice.
Amazing......:-) Best material file manager on play store. But needs some improvements. Audio takes too much of time to play.
Best File Manager in all of Android Free, no adverts, open-source, Material Design, root browser. This is one amaze-ing (excuse the pun) app! Only thing I would say is that on Marshmallow I have to go to root, then /sdcard because going to /sdcard directly from the side menu doesn't work.
Simple
Perfection redefined !!!!! I've tried all from geeky ones to simplest ones and I've finally found one that does all and still be a beauty. Thanks.....  Developers
good
Best out there. A solid app with constant updates and getting better every time.
It is really amazing try it once you wont regret it
Absolutely awesome. I recently used ES file explorer and it was great. But then found out about this app. And tried it out. And amaze is amazing. I uninstalled ES and using amaze as my daily driver. And loving it every day. Great work guyz. Will be waiting for your future updates. Hope to amazed. :) ;)
Perfect The bug is solved thank you for this app
Cool! Best FM I've ever used.
Awesome Just too amazing!!!

Perfect! Looks great and is intuitive to use. Root access too. A great simple file manager. Love it!
really amazing best file manager
Simple and efficient
Soiled and Dependable Used to use ES File, but your app is awesome, easy to use and do it's job perfectly. Keep up the good work, also for backup an apk it would be nice to backup only the apk not the file structure.
Great file manager A very nice interface, useful all around file manager.
The Mark Of Good Code Very impressive for an open source app. Might not meet all your needs but it is very clean and customisable not mention ad free. Thank you devs. Keep hacking strong.
Amazing material file manager Amazing interface. Nice theme and skins
Great ui
Good replacement for ugly stock file manager I replaced the my files stock file manager with your app works the same but just looks better. Nice
Nice and simple, non-bloated with Material Design
Sweet Looks awesome and very fluid. Perfect for the average user, but your leaving us power users out in the cold with no zip support. Either way, highly recommended.
I am amazed Fast, looks good, and gets the job done.
One of the best file managers out there This gotta be in the top 3 best looking and functional file managers out there. Would give 6 stars if I could &lt;3
Working great after an update My problem fixed! Work like charm. Thanks
Perfect app , though it's suddenly stopped it self but i love it 👌
Great app
Great App Please update icon to something flat, great work
Hmm...Thank you.! Loved the New UI Alot.!
Amazefaile مرسی ازتمام برنامه‌های همردیفش بهترین هستش دان کنید
One word,Fabulous! The very first file manager that made me speechless...!!!😊😊
Super Very nice app I love it
Better than the Cabinet Beta Just one enhancement, when scrolling downwards, the + should hide thereby making aesthetics more towards Material philosophy.
Its an great app! Its great to use... But you can make it look like Gmail or something. I mean the design language of that app..
Unfortunately, Amaze has stopped. This shows up every time I leave the app. (Using the root explorer option. Perhaps this is why?)
Lacks LAN support. But really solid for what you'd want for most use cases.
Am about to use the app but iam hoping for an excellent results
Great! I love this has a lot of functionality.
Works great!! The best material file manager in the store. Kudos to the dev!
It's awesome app
Simply fool
Speechless This app is so great and beautiful that I find myself just opening it for absolutely no reason at all, keep up the great work guys👍
Very nice app with low size Kindly add thumbnail  option  for music and videos
Almost perfect and the best just needs one major feature. Zip, rar archiving/extracting support then it'l top all the other file managers  Can't wait for this :) awesome app.
Simple to operate. Cool UI.
Finally Found the File Explorer I've Been Looking For! It's perfect. File storage integration would be nice, but it's a fantastic app.
Woo! Yo, it can't detect external sd card on KitKat. But I'll still give you 5 stars because this one's great.
Says it has smb support but its nowhere to be found in the app.
Great So far so good. I'm gona give it a shot over ES File Explorer. Looks and feels great, nice work on the L design.
Please add OTG support
Fast and simple

Best file explorer, no ads, material
Hey this is great. Useful app manager.
Light-weight Amazingaano!! Zero complex File Manager.. Archiver feature is an add-on.. Cheers to the Devs.. Made with LOVE &lt;3 in India !!
Great no ads open source
Worked perfectly For me, this app have enough features and good design without any bloat ware and ads, its absolutely free. I tried solid explorer first but when i paid them for full version, it failed but my money was gone.
How the hell do you navigate back a folder? Not intuitive at all.
In the sidebar, it just shows the SD card and doesn't shows the internal phone storage. How can I access my internal phone storage while it isn't showing it?
Wonderful app !  It does everything and it's so easy to operate. Many thanks go to the developers from this direction !
Almost perfect - needs an AMOLED black theme. But still a very good file manager.
Great file manager! Free, open source, material, and all the features you'd expect
Iball slide I wanted a lollipop style file manager
Awesome Bro check hardware setting key on it...... Thanx..
Easily one of the best If not THE best file management app out there. Minimalistic features (kinda) but such a good user experience.
Good, light manager The manager is very good and navigation is also easy. Its light size is a big advantage to this app.
Easy and clean interface Has all file explorer and no nonsense. Love the lots of customisation options.
Working now It's awesome
Hmm...Thank you.! Loved the New UI Alot.!
Best app, a MUST HAVE surely...
Very fast, has everything and it's open source
Simple & elegant look... Material design.. Thank u
In a phone, it's unusual to need a file manager. This one fits the role perfectly for everyone's basic needs. It's open source, uses material design and includes a couple of extras you might want if you're using a file manager after all: a text editor to view or modify text files and a ZIP archive manager.
Excellent, clean file manager. .
Best one Just one word......  Awesome!!!
UI is beautiful
ES File Explorer Killer ES has turned to spammy methods to their ads and the UI Is dropping quality. This File Explorer uses a pure nexus-like material interface. If you have ES and hate the new UI and spam, GET THIS NOW
Excellent look and feel It's my goto for file browsing and OI when it doesnt work.
Please add multi move feature...
Awli
Free SMB support Was looking for a file explorer with free SMB support, found this app, was not disappointed
Clean, simple, open source. Highly recommended.
The best of the best. Period. The best I have used from all the top rated and recommended file managers and this one is superior in presentation and average in flexibility. If there is something missing g it is the unzipping feature but I have a personal favorite for that so there is no problem. 5 STARS.
Simply perfect
Great app
The Most Beautiful File Manager I've seen! Truly amazing.
Looks great
This app... ...is amazeballs.
Five stars Yeahh u fix the share problem.. Good job dev...
Bug found. When i open Settings &gt; Color , the title bar doesn't exist. And suggestion, add features 'quick apply' for color.
Just when I thought all file explorers were ugly, this OPEN SOURCE AD-FREE one showed up. I'm never removing this from my phone. And it's the only app I have used which has a cool UI and supports root access! Awesome devs. Maybe I'll make a PR sometime. I hope it's OK :)
Pure awesomeness, loving it!

Great Best file manager without adware
An efficient file manager for your Android device with intuitive user interface.
Simple yet powerful, best file manager for me
Very Good The Best File Manager Ever………  Its No . One In The World xD Loved Loved Loved itttttt..
Very clean UI Simple, clean and easy to use. Just what I was looking for.
I fully support open-source! Simple, effective, clean and customizable. Doesn't get much better than this.
Great file manager, great UI, no ads
Nice job so far But saving the 5th star for when its a little more stable. ************************************** Update 3/18/17 update seems much more stable... great file manager goodbye to ES ......  thank you.*************
Good UI
DMT Day after day this app getting close to replace ES File Explore in my phone. Keep up the good work guys
Good job and thank you Team Amaze. Simple, Customisable and Beautiful. I was searching for a good file manager. Has been using ES for some years. Now it's became heavily bloated. This is better than ES. I don't know if there's any other file explorer that's better than this. In my opinion this is the best.
I love the interface and cleanness of this file explorer. It would be nice to have extensions to handle, for example, compressed archives. EDIT: wait! Amaze handles that, too! Also, Amaze seems to have a much nicer UI than the other file managers I just downloaded, thinking I needed something separate to undo ZIPs. Select-copy-paste is a doddle.  One small thing light be the navigation to parent folders. The back button works, but the breadcrumbs don't seem to link to other folders on a tap. Maybe they're not meant to, but it would be nice if they did.
Świetny manager plików! Tyle powiem. Bardzo nowoczesne podejście do interfejsu, najlepsze UI wśród managerów, z których korzystałem, a to wszystko bez reklam i za darmo, czapki z głów. Moja sugestia - dodanie edycji uprawnień dla plików na telefonach z kontem root. Znalazłem też pewien bug - przy usuwaniu skrótów katalogów (jeden po drugim) aplikacja potrafi się zawiesić i wyłączyć.
Best
Been my go to file browser for awhile, not bloated and full of ads like some of the others out there.
Like but there's no mega cloud with plug in you going to have access to mega cloud at any time soon.
Yes it does copy files but will return 0 bytes. Bs
Very good
PANKAJ.KUMAR
Amazed...? Simple, elegant, Excellent. It does what it says. The only thing here is need to update navigation some times its bit confusing or else everything is fine.
simple n clean interface
Excellent Lovely app with no issues so far , however my G+ account won't link to the app :3 can you kindly address this ?
It works! Fast and free...
Almost perfect Absolutely love design, functionality is also great though I'd love to see  added Samba share browsing support. Thanks!
The best The best in the market. the wallpaper when connected to g+ doesn't change
Kewl
Excellent look and feel It's my goto for file browsing and OI when it doesnt work.
Great app. Great app.
Materially Impressed As some other users have claimed, this app manages to implement material design without sacrificing some advanced features. Great job! Just one thing I noticed: the action overflow menu doesn't overlay the action bar like it should. I suggest using android.support.v7:appcomat
Bye Bye ES Excellent Job,Vishal. My replacement to ES FM on CM11. Thanks for nice app :)
Amaze is really amazing...  Just one request to the developer that when we see the file in the folder it should display the size of that file also.
Deleted and Re-installed, Fixed Now Thank you for replying, dev! I cleared data but it didn't work, so I just uninstalled and reinstalled Amaze. Works like the first day I installed it again. Thanks for your work.
Great file manager Looks awesome with MD. New features are being added regularly too.
G+ integration I don't think the g+ sync is necessary (read: bloat). Let's keep things basic; a file manager.  Keep up the good work.
Great Finally... Had been waiting for the materialized FAB ever since I started using this file manager. Thank you soooooo much.
Slick design All the simple features needed!
Absolutely stunning!
Superb app Good work... Love the animation and the statusbar tint😀😀
Keeps getting better! For those reporting the crash. I was able to fix that by deleting the cache and deleting the app data and then re opening the app
The Material Design is better than expected Despite being worried that the design may skimp on power features, I'm really impressed by Amaze. It's fully featured, but it's still beautiful.

Finally a fully open source file manager! I used a LOT of file managers and can safely say that amaze is one of the best file managers around, its got all your basics covered and it's open source so yay! No ads! Plus it has full material design, so it looks beautiful and minimalistic.
Love it Simple and easy to use. 5 star
Looks awesome and easy to use
Clean, easy to use, unbloated, free? It's all I want from a file explorer. I'm so keen to see what the paid version will have!
Best File Manager Not too much bloat. Easy to use
Useful Very useful for rooted devices and interface is very simple.
Great material design look Very clean and neat material design look. Able to read sdcard and no ads. Perfect!
Simple yet powerful, 5 stars for being open source and ad free. The only problem i have is that i cant play videos from samba share on vlc. It works with the default video player.
It's a good app , provides every necessary feature and some additions like ftp and root explorer really help. MOST IMPORTANT no annoying ads. One suggestion would be to have a search bar in app manager section
Great Open Source File Manager. Kudos to Developer..
Good one Its a very good file  manager. Does what it needs to without unnecessary hassles. Could have included an option for sharing files/folders though
Świetny manager plików! Tyle powiem. Bardzo nowoczesne podejście do interfejsu, najlepsze UI wśród managerów, z których korzystałem, a to wszystko bez reklam i za darmo, czapki z głów. Moja sugestia - dodanie edycji uprawnień dla plików na telefonach z kontem root. Znalazłem też pewien bug - przy usuwaniu skrótów katalogów (jeden po drugim) aplikacja potrafi się zawiesić i wyłączyć.
My new favorite Android utility! Fantastic it is also open source!
Great file manager !!! Cool
Finally a simple free file explorer I've been waiting a long time for an app like this. Does exactly what I need and isn't trying to get me to buy features I don't care about.
Make smaller list view and add more details in list view.
Clean and simple It's exactly what I look for in a file exploring app. Perfect. Love the seamless animations also
Best
Great App Looks good and blazing fast. Probably the best 100% free FM out there.
Its awesome
It's really fantastic file manager light and really fast  And most wonderful thing it's free Developer did really good job
Prakash Good loved it
Really Good
As amazing as the name suggests It has everything I need and it's nice to look at. The latest update is perfect, you added so many great options. Thank you for making this app so customizable.😆
Very nice
Amazing file manager Have been trying so many file managers and since finding Amaze I've been recommending it to evryone. Features are nice to have but I feel that being streamlined for me is key.
great design finally a file browser which works great and looks good!
Love it!
Thank you very much
Epic UI Only one problem and that it can't erase system files when others can, but the UI is way better than any other.
Really great Application! I was looking for something like this. It's very great looking application, thanks to developers for providing this. Just little bigs here n there. Also provide support for cloud storage like Google drive.
Great !! EXPLORER
Best!
Clean and simple It's great if you want a no frills file Explorer. Only draw back is it seems to have no built in media player, which I often use to customize notification tones.
Really smooth Smooth with Android and colourful..
Nice Material Design ! Though its not as advanced as others, still UI is awsum :) hope you will add more features like 'file details', 'zip-unzip' in subsequent Updates :)
Great and simple, just I needed!! :-)
OK Ok
Great! Really nice Material design with many different available color options in the menu (one of my favorite features of this). Very functional with Root and ability to traverse / the root of Android. Waiting for some of the upcoming features like better zip/rar/archive support, but you can still zip and unzip without issue currently. Overall I love this app! Looking forward to future updates.
Good Gud app

Simple & Attractive Perfect choice for someone looking for a simple, easy to use file manager. UI is very modern and nice-looking, and color scheme can be customized.
Nice material UI , and the best File manager so far !
Best file manager for Android. I noticed a small bug though. Whenever a file is being downloaded from Chrome, Amaze will keep refreshing the directory in which the file is being downloaded to.
Best File Manager
Crisp and clean Very effective and easy to use.
Good It solve other apps problems and is easy to use and small enough
Best free file explorer I've tried!
Good Great file manager
Best file manager I found so far Simple to use, not cluttered with unnecessary features. Does what it is supposed to do. Clean with an attractive UI and customization options.
Amazing
Arpan Nice
Perfect Replacement For ES File Manager One of the best apps after the update
Lovely It not very good but solid file explore is best
Fantastic Loving it
Looks promising. SFTP support would be great.
Great Indian App... A simple looking File Manager with Material Design with supported file... Really Amaze.... Keep it up...
Cool this file explorer is the most humanizational one i have used.and it is quite easy to use
Amazing All in one app. Root Browser,Zip,Rar etc. Good job
Nice and smooth! Awesome! Well done! Can't wait to see what else is added.
Amazing Really an amazing beautiful app.
Awesome! I have a suggestion, please when i select multiple folders, give an option to see the properties or total space used
Keren Ini file manager yang keren, UI nya yang material juga bagus.. Semua fiturnya berguna banget.
best material design file manager
Exceptional Fabulous ui.. But it's force closing sometimes.. When I try to open image
Simple and fast I have already used many file explorer but this one is best ,its small, simple and fast. No lags= good job=5¤
Simple but powerful. Dev please get another icon. This one is no good.
Goo I like it
This app juse "Amaze" me! The best File manager app with lots of customizations 😊
please support cloud storage services :)
Good job! Been sick of es file manager's confusing UI and ads. This app along with a fresh material design has various functions and is perfectly a substitute for es.
Works great No feature bloat is the best feature. Does one thing and it does it well.
Great and simple, just I needed!! :-)
Great file manager Does everything a file manager should...an the ftp and root. With. No bloat
Uhm, very nice. How come you guys got it right? Finally. Thanks.
Great file manager One of the finest app for file management... Uninstalled all other app of this category from my phone
The loveliest file manager
Great app.
Awesome explorer love it After searching lots of explorers amaze explorer amazed me
Nice app, just needs an option to view the size of /root and home.
Very simple, bloat-free, file manager.. just the file manager i was looking for.. keep up the good work!

Best file manager😊more than 5 stars
Best file manager
Best file manager
Open source, material UI, Ad-free Android file manager?!! 5 stars by default. Will check out your repo
Good ui Great, easy to use interface.
No ads
Best free file man.! Thanks & a request I absolutely love this app. It has nice UI, dual window support, archive extractor and everything you'd expect from a premium file manager. Sadly, I can't find any option to sign-in to my Google Drive or other online storage account 😖  Plz dev, add cloud storage support, it will make this app super awesome.. plz plz plz
Awesome file manager though there's still some space for improvement.
One plus one... Wow vishal what a file manager. But the problem is dat the header is too big, otherwise fantastic.. Plz update soon...
sexy
Great Start Looking forward to the updates looks like Google made it for lollipop, keep up the great work.
Nice
Best for  backups
Nice Better than es file
Gr8 nehra
Finally a file manager that isn't full of bloatware, advertisements, and malware. You stand alone in a sea of garbage and I thank you for it.
Looks great with material design. All the functions you'd expect from a file manager. It also provides an easy way to backup applications.
Hidden Files The dev listened and delivered. Thanks for fixing the problem with viewing hidden files. This is now my daily file explorer. Wonderful job!
Buggy Multi pane is fixed. Now it force closes when you delete something
OK I needed a root explorer with otg support and cool UI. I finally found.
I loved it soo much
Perfect Replacement For ES File Manager One of the best apps after the update
Amazing file manager with root explorer. Finally get to have 2 apps in 1 that I like
Amazing Tried many file managers and going this one to fit my requirements
Of the best looking file managers! Excellent!! A material design showcase! 👌👌
Good Nice look, wonderful work
GIF thumbnails?
Works fine Nice, simple file manager. Good replacement for ES file explorer
Simple yet best
Amazing! Amazed like Amazing.Really nice new root browser with themes support.Just something diff between others file managers.I like this app on first look.Thanks to developers.
Best file manager out there Has root options, material design, and simple. What more could you ask for!
Liked
O Melhor
Thumbs Up Dont know but liked it.
Nice
Clean and nice.
"open as" feature is a big plus
Google NEXUS 5
Great!  Fast and lightweight file manager. Better than ES File Explorer.
Galaxy Note 3

Love it! Open source  and no ads.  Has a clean easy to navigate interface.  Oh, and did I mention no ads.  Be sure to support the developers with a donation!
very nice app all works well on my nexus 5 and kindle fire 1s gen. thank you for your hard work.
Best File Manager ...
The most functional and beautiful file manager I've ever used. No ads. No bloat. KUDOS Arpit and Vishal !!!!
A gorgeous file manager with every feature one would want, thanks a lot!
Perfect simple what es used to be before it got greedy and bloated
Easy to use with no ads! Picked this one for being open source. I'm glad it has all the features I need and that it doesn't have ads at all. Good for privacy.
Mer30
Wow, this file manager is quickly becoming my favorite.. Good work!
Nice Better than es file
Great UI and colour request The look is decent and super functional, BTW there's a color accent is needed "bright yellow"
That's it amaze file manager u need it You can change color s  on bottom or top bar and on the  folder s & so much more its the best for me
Honestly i was not expecting it to be this good... this is the best...
Amazing This does everything i need
Thanks for putting bluetooth
Gooood
Best free open source file manager on Play Store. Period.
It shutting off
Works great with systemless root, moto g5+ on oem 7.0
Awesome BEST THING EVER BRO!!!
Coooooool One of the best n awesome app in my life....
I can dig it! Looks good. Only complaint is when showing permissions it makes folders look a mess
Best file manager for Android OS Thanx to Arpit!
Smooth ui
the best I prefer a simple clean file manager which completes day to day file management tasks. I have tried 3-4 file managers. I must say amaze is the best . One request please keep it simple forever else it will become Es file manager
Better than most Moved from es to this and glad I did. Easier to use, nicer design. Fast lightweight
please add favourite folder
Thanks Good
Exactly what I wanted
Very good!
best file manager i am loving it's interface.... it's everything infact
Really simple and soft to use, awesome
Ftw, Amaze! It's best. I switch between Amaze and Solid. Hate you ES!
Awesomeness! Good name; I'm Amazed!!
Good Matirial style
as its  name  its just amazing.... i loved it... Just  amazing.. everything  i  need just  got  it
Amazing The ui is amazing. Great features. Works smoothly. This will be my default file manager from now.
Really Loved it Won't need any other app for file management and the graphics too are awesome...
Very good Nice look.I used it since last 8 months, Lot of functions improved. No problem at all.
Wow Great app....fast....featureful......excellent material design implementation.... zero ads

Add cloud storage option I like this file manager over ES file explorer. Best file manager ever. But need some features like- cloud storage, encryption etc
Best file manager
Its best file manager as it is Open source.
Best file manager on gplay , great UI , great features.
Plenty of features, material design, intuitive interface, and no ads.
Ad free and open source.
Great file manager with clean UI. Material design and features are really 
"Amaze"ing😅 Bug - Selecting storage is very difficult because we have to 
find it manually everytime. Add auto detection of storage on clicking the 
path, Which can be Internal Memory, SD Card, USB storage etc. to be shown 
in the path without any hassle and open from there directly. Feature - Add 
multiple tabs with tab manager bar with long press actions.
I used to use ES explorer before it became a giant piece of Bloatware. This 
came highly recomended from a friend. And it lives up to it.
The best looking file explorer so far.
5 stars for letting me rename a file without driving me insane like that 
other file manager I just uninstalled
Excellent
Best one out there
Helped me find over 4 Gb of data that was hidden. Thank you for this app
The most user friendly and feature filled file explorer!
great!!!
Definitely the best free file manager for Android. Been using Asus File Manager and ES Explorer, but Amaze is the winner.
Good
Simple, clean, fast
great
Ad-less file manager, probably flawless too
Excellent
That's it amaze file manager u need it You can change color s  on bottom or top bar and on the  folder s & so much more its the best for me
a wonderful app! quick, simple and easy to navigate, amaze is by far the best file explorer i've tried.
Great app!
Nice and clean interface No bloat or adds with fresh ui and themes.
Functional and can be customized
Material design I love it. Perfect!
Great! A perfect example of material design file manager! 5 stars!
Works great!
good include view apks , pictures ,music files grouped together
Great app and great it is open source as well.
Solid, Free & Open Source It has all the core features and can pretty much do everything you can except from a file manager. No unnecessary, forced "features" or any other annoying things. I can wholeheartedly recommend this!
Entity
Awesome Great!!!!Better than other file managers
So great. Hey just gonna let you know about the editor. It's great but when I'm gonna edit something at the bottom one, the screen overlapping with the keyboard so I can't see what I edit.
Loving it on my S4 prime.
Great FileManager Awesome... Have been using this from a long time now and it's simple & good looking .  Recommended many of my friends and they are also very happy with this
Very sleek.... STYLISH and Simple
Moto g Very neat app I was a (ES FILE ) user for so long but tried this and haven't looked back
Works and does its job!

Excellent light weight with 2 tabs easy to use with file sharing.. Without 
any extra useless features.. 5 ⭐
The best file manager, FOSS, free, fast, great UI, not sketchy. An absolute blast to use.
Awesome the best. Makes ES file manager look like sh.. As it say clean, smooth, no ads.
Probably the best file manager on the Play Store! It's quick, light, 
attractive, gets the job done, and more.
Love it. Clean, easy to use, does what I need. No extra garbage.
its good for file exploring and easy to use then another apps
This is a very good file explorer for those that need a, not to complicated, file explorer.
Simple and effective. Keep up the good work.
Does just what i need from a file manager + nice customization options + 
add l free.
Does everything I need & more. The FTP server is very handy for 
transferring files from my PC.
Lightweight, does what it says. Ad free and simple UI.
Amazing! Has no ads, and pretty useful, thanks guys!
Needs to differentiate the storage micro SD and internal storage by calling 
them that. It makes them with a code and uses same icon.
Please, rename Amaze to the name that has word "File" in its title("Amaze - file manger" for instance) , since I don't use this app very often and when I try to search for it in app list I have a problem of finding it. Think about it. 😀
This is the perfect file manager for Android. It does everything I want it to. The only missing feature is drive/next loud integrations.
Switched from ES to Amaze and I haven't regretted it so far. This file 
explorer contains all the necessities in an explorer app, except it crashes 
when you try to use it to open a RAR file from another app. UI is very 
beautiful and app is fast. Keep up the good work devs!
ES was getting too intrusive. Switched to Amaze and found the file manager 
I always wanted.
Cool and no lag very cool !
We need more apps like this!
Waiting for built-in viewer & media player
Please add SMB support, and then it'll be the perfect file manager app.
Great.Better than ES File Manager.
I like to eat butt
I recently created a network drive using OpenMediaVault and was looking for 
an app to transfer to my net drive. Didnt like ESFileExplorer because of 
the ads and "unlock" features. This app does everything I need AND looks 
clean! Even if this was a trial to show its functionality I'd pay money for 
this when the trial was done. Thank you dev for this perfect file/smb app!
File manager made easy...
Great open source file manager.
Very Good App
It's just amazing😃
Excellent
Great app
Amazing app!
👌🏽
Great app
needs some improvement in encryption and ability to use it to choose an 
encripted file.
works good, perfect UI, thanks
Fantastic app, really appreciate it. Thanks
Love it
It is a good file manager. There is just one problem that folders could not 
be copied to otg drive it shows an error while copying to the drive or 
creating a new folder. And each time opening the drive it asks to select 
the drive
I used to use ES explorer before it became a giant piece of Bloatware. This 
came highly recomended from a friend. And it lives up to it.
Hast Responsible Representation Progressive Respectful True Logic?

The best file manager, FOSS, free, fast, great UI, not sketchy. An absolute blast to use.
I've been using it since 4 years ago, as a root user and always works well
Amazed. I installed it via f-droid but it's been really really good, simple to use and efficient. Especially the integrated FTP server!
Sometimes it keep on stopping
Perfect file browser. Works great with rooted devices.
Open source. Great function. Loads of features. Finally an acceptable replacement for certain file managErS I found to be spyware.
Great opensource file manager
Would have given 5 stars but not able to extract subtitle files that got easily extracted on es file explorer...using mi a1 on 7.1.2 by the way... overall a really good file manager and Happy to see it's open source and ad free...
Best filemanager Simple, eye candy and useful!
Simply beautiful Great design, easy on the eyes and easy to navigate. I have one issue, no editor? I was attempting to make a edit to build.prop, but noticed no editor. I opened with ES Note and made the change, but that would be my only complaint. Other than that, excellent!
Clean interface and functional. It would be nice if the APK backup function could rename files with their version number like ES File Explorer did.
Great ui
Had earlier issues with accessing SD card, all now fixed. Only issue I have now is getting Properties of large folder (488 items) the app crashes.  Apart from that, this is an Amazing file manager. Fast, no bloatware and does absolutely everything I ever need.
Really nice. Obviously the material design is a center point here. But it's a very good file manager. Do much so that it almost replaced ES for me. Only thing I'm missing is network folder and ftpsupport
Great app hard to fault it I can only fault it for not having integrations with cloud storage providers otherwise 5*s. If you are just looking at things on your device then look no further.
Why is this exactly the same with File Manager?
Add option for hide the file/folder we do not want them to be appeared? :)
A commit log is not a changelog
My new favorite. This is the best material design file manager I've found. I was going to comment that it needs a better icon, but the icon here on the Play Store looks ok. Unfortunately, for some reason, that is not the icon in the app, and therefore not the icon that shows up on my phone. Can we get an update with the new/better icon included?
Very Promising This is definitely one of my favorite file managers. I think it would be perfect if there were a share/cloud option and for it to be compatible with DiskUsage but aside from that, it's a beautiful app!
This was a great app for transferring files from and to my home network. But that is no longer available since the last update. Looks like I'm going to have to go looking yet again.
can't read doc files property. the letters comes out in question marks in diamonds
Rename Tried renaming root file, Granted root, toast message says rename successful, but it failed to rename it. Looks cool, I'll try it again later on.
Good: Simple, quick and open source.  Problem: I set a folder as Home so it's the first thing I see when opening the app. The Home keeps getting reset back to root.  I'm only using that because there's no option to have a shortcut widget for that folder on the phone Home Screen.
Why is the Google play store icon different then actual app icon? It's a minor thing but mismatching icons are kinda irritating. Besides that the app is very solid and customizable.
Much room for additions The Design and interface feels exceedingly fluid but the app lacks many features. Consider adding features like System Analyser, gesture navigaton, tagging, favourites, FTP manager, trash, swipe for options etc.
Beautiful UI, Throughput Speeds Need Improvement I have been a loyal ES File Manager fan for a long time. After getting spam notifications from it, I had to unfortunately ditch it. I've tried Amaze before, but went back to ES. No more. Going to be using Amaze for a few months and really evaluate it well. However, I have to say I love the UI. I love the ease of use. Great work devs! I have seen benchmarks that put it quite a few steps below ES as far as read/write speeds. Hopefully this can be improved as more people move away from ES.
It has lags and bugs
Like it, but... Keeps crashing every single time after the latest update. Wiping out the app data seems to fix the issue...
Love it! Needs .zip functionality tho
add move to SD Card the app
Great This file manager is great and can be better: 1- a larger app launcher icon is better like other apps in lollipop. 2- some time app can't sort file and folder true. 3- apps backup is great but make "base.apk" better back up apps real name. 4- add option for custom backup folder, set password, import/export setting.  This options and fix make this file manager the best material design app, thanks for your support. :)
σκ OVERALL MATERIAL DESIGN IS ALL DONE & WE NEED MORE FEATURES SO ITS CAN BE USELMFULL FOR DAUILY BASICS...BT THANKS DEV 4 DEVELOPING THIS
Love it! Needs cloud storage? Found this on the xda feed!
USB OTG I'd just like the ability to read/write files on a usb thumb drive using my usb-c to usb-a adapter.
Great work Best file manazer specially the UI only if u can add inbuilt rar and zip opener it will be great
Why the icon is different from the store...?
Good file manager, but.... After entering the settings menu, the UI goes Holo even my phone is Android 4.4.4.
Better if add more setting about view
Pretty But I have a USB thumb drive attached and I can't find the contents. Am I don't something incorrectly? I am rooted. The thumb drive is blinking red so it is powered. Nexus 6/Lollipop Edit: found USB storage listed under my internal memory. Cheers!

Open source File Manager So far so good. No ads or bloatware. Clean UX and easy on the eye UI.
Awesome... ... elegant and efficient, but there are two things I would like to see: A simple dashboard as home screen (which, IMHO, makes more sense for the Home icon) and the ability to remove, or at least redirect, default links of predefined bookmarks (images, videos...) in sidebar
Cool design! Good to see material ui...there's always a room for improvement. One suggestion would be adding the text editor  of its own. Keep it up!
only had it for a few minutes so far, but so far I love it! simple to use and quick to learn and setup how you want it, even has a dark theme and custom colour settings! Instantly decided to make this my main file explorer especially since EZ File Explorer is trying so hard to burn its self to the ground. Only thing I can think of that is missing is the ability to add bookmarks to folders on the android home screen/descktop. I have a couple folders I access regularly that are buried in the android/data folders.
This is really a good file manager. It's relatively simple, but has all of the basic functionality such as copying, cutting (moving), and pasting, and none of the extra bloat (like ads)  (and also it's open source)  The only bad thing about this app is that I can't seem to find how to add a shortcut. There's an "add shortcut" choice in the long-click menu but I the nothing happens.
Awesome file manager ! The material design is a plus point in addition to the great file manager. The only thing I did not like is that there is no option of seeing the properties of multiple selected files (to check size). If that is incorporated then it will become a killer app. 👌
yeah! ... you fixed the crashing
Smooth and fast
Can display full file name?
Nice design with a glitch I am unable to access / directory even with root permissions. Whenever I try to go up from any directory it stops on first level directory like /system or /storage
Please fix it
This one is really simple and no nonsense app. But there is two feature I miss is a password protection and FTP doesn't work if WiFi network is created on mobile's hotspot.
It's Ok
if I connect my pen drive to my phone...it doesn't show USB device
Best file explorer at no cost
The app looks good. But what I desperately missed is a built in image viewer to see the photos. Also small folder size looks better than bigger ones. Please fix the issues as soon as possible. Thank you.
Feels cluttered
Good alternate explorer now that ES has gone bloatware. Fast, easy, material design. Has an option for root access but still won't show me the contents of /data/data on AOSP 6.0.1. More tabs would be nice, cloud service support would be welcomed too. Gotta drop some stars because of the root access issues. Edit: My bad, I'm using systemless SuperSU. Probably why not all root features are functional. +1 star.
Pretty
Nice,simple and clean... :)
UI Improvements How about adding options to add new files and folders within the floating + icon. The popup doesnt adhere to the material design philosophy. 5 stars to the app when this is implemented.
Material design is awesome. In this update I am unable to access root files. So only 4.
Great app but need improvement Not compatible with cm13 on my oneplus one. After granted root permission, amaze recognizes /data and some other directories as file and cannot enter them, while ES works without any problem. please fix. I'd like to provide further information.
Name should be file manager itself if the name displayed on the menu list is "File Manager" itself...
Looks Amazing. Needs a couple features. I love the look of this file explorer. Had an issue with it force closing when trying to write to the external SD Card but that's a known KitKat issue so I can't take points off for that. Would love to see a text editor and possibly a .zip peak ability without having to extract it completely. Fantastic start for a great app.
i hope in next update it can detect usb flash drive for those phones that have usb otg function..
Nice It do the job as basic file explorer, and it doing  it perfect. And just the look deserves a 5star.
Beautiful UI, Throughput Speeds Need Improvement I have been a loyal ES File Manager fan for a long time. After getting spam notifications from it, I had to unfortunately ditch it. I've tried Amaze before, but went back to ES. No more. Going to be using Amaze for a few months and really evaluate it well. However, I have to say I love the UI. I love the ease of use. Great work devs! I have seen benchmarks that put it quite a few steps below ES as far as read/write speeds. Hopefully this can be improved as more people move away from ES.
The static left side menu on tablet version is annoying Make the left static menu into a dynamic slide out hamburger menu.otherwise its good
Nothing fancy but gets the basics right I just wish it had more features like the competition.
New for me Just downloaded this as ES file manager kept trying to add unknown files to my Moto g3.So simple to use so far thanks
Please improve it, I love it! -Won't let me search when I'm browsing the LAN folders                       - The preview loading is pretty slow compared to other file managers
Need more costomazation I wish of I can change the file icon and the size
We will see.. - 1 star because you started asking for Identity permissions.
Bugs out on smb Smb connections aren't stable
I've just started using this moved from ES and so far this is much better. The UI is great and easy to use but allows you to really control your files I've not tried to connect to my pi running liberelec yet so that's it's next test.
Nice but too good I love to download apps,this app is well,I am using this app in my tablet dell venue7
Great file manager with superb material design this app is great and everyone should have it. however I'm having an really annoying problem that is docx file will not open with officesuite by default. i have tried setting and clearing defaults but it's still the same. this app treats docx file as xml documents and automatic opens it with xml reader. i hope developer can fix this thanks
Fix this Good but not better
After es explorer im trying something new Its description is cool I think I will love this aap

Good and clean Works well. Clean UI. Thank you.
Great No Ads good file manager
Looks good so far. Has a clean UI!!
Material design,does everything a file explorer does(even root related things) and stays free. The only thing missing is an AMOLED theme.
The only good file manager that isn't filled to the brim with ads
This is a great app, but there are major otg issues and please add a feature to install all selected APKS on the same time, then this great file manager will become unbeatable.....
Looks great A few requested features. Add the bookmarks into the slide out side menu and add a text editor so can edit things like build.prop. also add 'open as.. / open with app' when long clicking an app. thanks for the great file manager!
UI/UX: The fact that the Toolbar is scrollable in Paste mode makes it very inconvenient to paste files: when you want to paste and the Toolbar is not visible, you have to scroll down to bring it, but quite often the swipe to refresh is triggered instead, so you have to have several tries until the Toolbar manages to catch the scroll event. Other than this, good file manager!
The best free file manager for android I wish it had otg support, and cloud integration but it is a free app, so the lack of those features can be forgiven; however, given the fact that it is open source I'm sure it's only a matter of time before these features get added. It still has some good features that you typically only see in paid apps so that's definitely cool to see. The material design interface is also aesthetically pleasing and easy to navigate.
Smooth and fast
Bug. There is a bug in the app when I will use root explorer. :(
The grid and list view are changing randomly, could you please fix it?
Great app Very nice made file manger.but add an option to disable root folder access which is always showing then i will give 5 stars
Great, almost :) Nice looking app, but it'd be better if the app icon was changed to look material.
nice ui good work
Just the same with others, only better UI.
Nice....
Few things... Really nice, and may ditch RE once more updates come. Nice work so far tho. One request tho, ability to move files and move multiple files at once. No ability to move files/multiple files at once drives me away from many file managers. Like it so far tho.
Potentialy good app, but it randomly crashed..  😢
Pretty good 1.Tabs: done. 2.copy/move to next tab:TBD. 3.Fix startup tabs(set then in settings) : done 4. Marshmallow permission for accessing SD card : TBD.
Great app Would be nice to allow to use this app to select, let's say, some music in storage to be used as ringtone. When you go to Sound settings, there's no way to do this. Instead, the user sees the default Android ringtone options. With other file manager, doing this shows an option to select some song in storage or use the default Android tones.
Pretty Cool so far😏 😉Thanks to "App of the Day" & the Devs for the promo. It was just what I needed since my "settings" started bugging out on my S6 Edge. I was having trouble maintenancing my apps until now. 💯
Great file explorer Exactly what I need to manage all of my files. Only missing the ability to move files and folders.
Beautiful and stable Still lacking features when compared with the big names in the file manager business in android, but very promising, and it's hard to find a better looking alternative.
Pls add music player & image viewer Like ES explorer, and Amaze would be complete but without any bloatware
Good work, but long way to go Right now, the fab lacks animation, storage write is available on lollipop only, the collapsible app bar needs a revamp and much more. I know the devs are going to add a lot more with time. But for now, l will hope that time comes soon.
Very okey!
Good Good but it would be better if you could include an option for sharing the files via share it, bluetooth and all
Rooted G🆕NOTE 4 Really like how is laid out. .
Really nice There's a feature that I would love to see in this app Support OTG This would make it complete
Awesome work One suggestion though. Please put the bookmarks in the quick slide out panel on the left and put the bookmarks manager in the menu. Right now it doesn't make much sense how it is.
Very polished but... Missing some more advanced features
Loved it. Has bugs now. It was a pretty awesome app, really enjoyed it but since the last update some options won't stay on and it crashes after Google sign in. Please fix
Great! But, the searhing feature take many time to finish than the other file manager.
But why plus button at top? Why you moved the add button on top instead of bottom right corner? Can't reach it on my nexus 6 big as phone. Edit it worked Thank you for an awesome file manager!
Awesome Its working without a flaw. Just what I need.
Really good until.... It was working great until marshmallow update and now won't read sd card ..... 😢 still a good internal file manager
Cannot open video files over network Good app! But cannot open video files over SMB connection. The playback stops after a moment. Otherwise  great app!
Simple, good No bloat or extra functions, would like to see support for usb otg.
Very nice Add double panel and ftp and it will be amazing!

Amazed at how Great it Works My phone didn't come with a native file manager, so after trying a few and not enjoying them for one reason or another I found Amaze File.  Since trying it out I've never looked back.  Easy to use, great layout. Awesome!  PS Devs: Since the new update, when I copy files over to a USB disk with my OTG cable if never stops the "load" circle from spinning. Now I have to wait extra time to close the app for fear of file corruption. Pls Fix. Hope its a small bug :)
Looking good and perfect. And the Amaze file manager has not supported zip file extract try fix this in next is useful...
Great interface. no ads or intrusive content and/or useless features. 👍  However the app doesn't move files it just copies them around.  And it can crash when given lage files to handle. Fix those issues and you'll get a full 5stars rating! 😎 Wow Amaze great moves! Keep it up. I'm proud of you!
Good Best interface
Nice design however... For some reason its asking for root access when creating an empty file on my internal storage, yet when I deny it, it creates the file just the same?? Creating another file (`touch a.txt` in terminal emu) works fine with no root.
Great Effort! The UI is no doubt overwhelming, but the interface is way too simple. For a noob that might be a good thing but for power users such as myself I'll keep ES explorer by its side.
Nice job Excellent file manager. However when adding a bookmark it won't show in the bookmark list unless I close and reopen the app.  Also please allow to rename bookmarks. For example when adding a bookmark I might want to give it a different name in the bookmark list that the original folder.
Love this app....One of the best file manager app
Great app. Can we get a completely round app icon?
The best free file manager for android I wish it had otg support, and cloud integration but it is a free app, so the lack of those features can be forgiven; however, given the fact that it is open source I'm sure it's only a matter of time before these features get added. It still has some good features that you typically only see in paid apps so that's definitely cool to see. The material design interface is also aesthetically pleasing and easy to navigate.
Best material file manager. Pretty great app. I noticed the "hamburger to arrow" icon isn't there. Maybe after the next update we could get that little feature? Also maybe a second tab for quick navigation.
Album art of songs should be displayed! The album art of songs should also be displayed, otherwise it's a beautiful and one of d most customizable file manager :) also add option for speedy delete
Dose it have "cut" option.??
Love it! Just one thing. The app icon doesnt really look material design-ish. Only if you can make a better design it'll look perfect for my home screen
Really nice. But my only problem i cant see size my sd card or any other folder, i can see only the size of files..plz fix This...if u do it ill never uninstall
Fantastic! I love it. Add the ability to sort by file type and it'll be about perfect.
Good App is good but how to set ringtone in that ....?
Nice MD UI, but FCs... :( I'm having occasional FCs when opening / copying / moving files. Other than that, this is the best looking, best feeling, Material Design file manager I've seen.
Usually Excellent But lost ALL original file dates when moving photos from internal storage to SD card. Why don't file dates get carried over?
Good looking file explorer that still needs a little work. Evertime I delete a file from while browsing the apks, the app crashes. Plz look into this.
.rar support Amaze file manager is my main file manager now. Would be greater if it got support for .rar file.
It's a very gud app .....but neesd attention like animation in opening or closing a folder and etc
I love the skin. But Can't copy file to sd card. Fix it for 5 star.
Folder style there should b more than one folder style then i would have given 5 stars
Almost perfect I like it a lot. It's finally the one browser that does everything and looks good doing it. My only gripe is that it would be nice if bookmarks showed in the hamburger menu. Its kind of weird that it just shows a link to what looks like an unfinished or unpolished bookmarks list.
Looks great Definitely going to keep my eye on this one , won't remove me from Root explorer yet , but very nice
Nice Nice looking app, can you add LAN support then it be perfect.
One thing.. I'd love for this to replace my current file manager, all it needs is multi window support on Samsung devices. Great app however.
nice！！！！
Nice speed
the name only tell its amaze and really it is what a interface just make sure an option of apks music videos images must be there at home so we can easily access from there in full hd and recycle bin so if we delete something by mistake then we can recover thanks for giving such a app do what i expect then it will be 5 stars😃😃
Great file explorer but everything in this app is too big (a few times bigger than in the screenshot above)
Works well Had a problem with the previous update where the app would crash on open. The 10/6 update fixed the issue.  Very quick response from the developer.
App user Superb app it can able to replace es file manager
Crashes if you have back navigation enabled in settings and leave the app. Also, the navigation bar is colored by default but the toggle in settings is off at first launch.
Disable history Where is the option to disable history?
Just a good-looking file manager, cannot open or extract rar or zip files with password.
Wow! Looks great and works great. Love the option to set certain apps to be opened with certain files. Only thing extra I would like to see is chromecast support for media files (pics, vids, audio) maybe in the form of an extension or add-on. Other than that, great job! Love the material design UI.
Pretty nice and stable for v1 but you should include a share option
simple, fast and quick fast and simple file manager. does the job well without any bloatware. the SMB functionality needs more polish it crashes when i play remote video files

Light file manager Is a good file manager. Very simply and efficient.
No ads... Cool colours
Gorgeous app and solid features but I wish it would be optimizated for Android TV
Superb! Material UI and user friendly. A bug which I faced was, On selecting Sort apps by ascending order it does nothing.
Good app. I bought the cloud plugin. It gives me access to my cloud drives but it won't let me open my PDF files. Is there to solve this issue?
Nice job Excellent file manager. However when adding a bookmark it won't show in the bookmark list unless I close and reopen the app.  Also please allow to rename bookmarks. For example when adding a bookmark I might want to give it a different name in the bookmark list that the original folder.
Excellent tool Needs the ability to swipe between tabs, but overall a very good file manager.
The FTP function doesn't work for me.
Nice dual-tab browser, but annoying variable-size heading, and not practical for photos - fixed size thumbnails, no full-screen preview with multiple select mode.
Add feature SMB No feature for access SMB/LAN
Possibly the best looking of the material design file managers There are only 3 or 4 file managers right now that follow Material Design, but I think this is one of the best as it has a few more settings than the others.
Very good but the cut function... Amazing app but the cut function simply works as a copy function. Everytime I use the cut and paste I have to go back and delete the file from before. Please fix this ASAP!
Good But no material animation when click on plus(+) button.
Nice, free, material Not sure I like the addition of SMB support to this otherwise small and fast file manager, but the rest of the functionality is great.
Open Source Decent File Manager
Good but needs improvements Please add progress bar while copying files and mounting/ unmounting USB.
I can't move folders, I can only copy and paste them. Amoled dark theme world be nice. Besides that, good app.
If I open a folder during download app start  cyclically update. And I can't exit app
Awesome Just need to show progress during copy/move or zip extraction
Unable to move files. There is no option to paste the file. Running 7.1.2 on Nexus 5x.
Awesome, except the icon Can you please change the icon with a new, more material design related one? This one isn't as great as the rest of the app.
Provide OTG support at reasonable price..... Hello ....bhai plz provide OTG support at a reasonable price n feature like nexus media importer by homesoft..... I will purchase the app at that moment only..... Plzzzzzzz enlarge ur app n charge for that....
Nice and simple, would have been perfect if the app manager could detect at least all user apps, it just detect some system and user apps but most are not detected...
Nice UI and easy to use I've loved the material design from the first time Google announced it.. So its nice to have a file manager using the UI.. But do add writing to sd card, it is the only issue I have
I don't like tabs, please provide an option in settings to disable tabs, thanks
NYce app but ... You should need to be change this name or icon .
Good but.. I can't copy my files, create folder,delete files to my SD card... Why.?
Very good looking app Only problem I've encountered so far is that it stops working every time I try to copy files from my ext sd card to my phone storage.
Impressed by the design Just install it, and I like the design.   Have root explorer and everything!   5 star after further exploration
Just needs metwork support 4* until it has network support.
Great libre software! A bug though: cut and paste doesn't actually delete the source, so it's copy and paste.
Good But Can Be Improved Please add copy & move window animations..
Good but not prefect yet Looks good, but a few fixes are needed. For example, when going into settings, for a brief moment while loading, it shows old black gradient background, and while in settings, status bar turns black/status bar not themed. And while pressing back key from settings, the animation should be the other way around for example the window should go down out of view rather than the new window come up over it
The most considerate devs I've ever contacted on playstore Thanx again for being so considerate, Lord Shiva bless you brothers, Jai . .
It is a simple light app that does the job. I didnt want one with the excess bloat so this is exactly what i was looking for. I sent a feedback to the developer and got a response the same morning! Wow!   Only additional feature i would like to see is the ability to view pictures in a folder like a gallery (ability to swipe between photos). Currently it simply opens the one picture in the photo viewer app of your choice so it doesnt allow you to swipe to the next photo.
Ok
New feature It would be nice to add cloud storage too.
I like it so much This apps is too good and good work then others..
Amaze is amazing. (Too cheesy?) I'm a big fan of anything open source. I love the "Material" UI and the ability to change the theme colors. I'd like to incorporate this app into my own ROMs. Thank you for making it open source and not including ads. You're awesome. EDIT: Any chance we'll get to see tabs, samba and ftp client support? The only reasons I still have ES installed...
Could be the one... Now that ES file explorer has decided to be full of bloatware and useless crap, I am looking for a solid alternative. Amaze already has the SMB support I am after, add on SFTP and Dropbox support and this will be perfect.

Great File Explorer All the features I need, and no ads. Root explorer has an issue where it doesn't display the contents of the SD card and I have to go to root and then enter sdcard folder to correctly display items. Also, can't modify permissions with root explorer checked
Really good material design Works well and intuitive. Files don't appear to move when you cut them over tabs - am i doing it wrong?
Good but about features ... It has basic features working well but first of all, needs USB otg support, fixing r/w on KitKat, and maybe some gestures. You know, cloud support, remote access, recycle bin and etc are in the second place that many users don't need them. Keep it simple and efficient.
Nice design Nice design and easy to use.
Simple, open-source, to the point. I was a fan of ES but it has become so bloated and intrusive that I looked for an alternative, and I found this one, and really like it. It has just a few nice extra functionalities (zip, SMB) but also lacks some ("open with", shortcuts). But it is still very usable and efficient.
Amazing Clean material design,  fast, no ads.  What more do you want?   If there is one thing I hope It detects my sd card properly on the left swipe menu.
Beautiful Very nice design. Great functionality and Open Source! The only thing missing is FTP and SFTP support.
Good This app has a lot of nice features and a great interface, but I've face a problem a lot of times, some files I've deleted still show up and the samd happens once I've cut and moved them to another location, they just duplicate. It's kind of annoying.
Nice interface, Grateful for No Advertising. One improvement gets it 5 stars. Although I have not tried an FTP or availed myself to all its capabilities, this app has most of of the tools I need. The one thing I need from this and most other apps is missing. I hope in future updates, the developers will allow this app to be transferred to the secondary storage, like 3 other file managers I've had or still have. That improvements gets my 5th star. Thanks.
It's great and I've been a user for a while now but there's an issue with SD card. Other file browsers ask you to enable permission with the SD card and then they work. I've been unable to find a way to do that with amaze. Either needs to be added in or I'm blind/it isn't straightforward. Otherwise great app!
Need some final touch I'm using an old zenfone 4 that is still using kitkat, and too bad the copy-paste operation is not working.But this is a really good file manager after all.Smooth and fast.Keep up the great work devs, still waiting for kitkat full support though ✌
Excellent tool Needs the ability to swipe between tabs, but overall a very good file manager.
I will give it a 5 when it won't crash that easily
Every time I press the the recent apps button the app crashes.
Spice mi 498 Cool file manager
Great Try Its good to see the file manager complimenting(mimicking) the lollipop style UI. Still waiting for more features.
Please, for the love of God Add a '/' for the filesystem root to the slide out menu. You'll get the 5th star when I see it. This is common in virtually every file manager. I'm not sure why you skipped adding it.
Looks nice Only problem I have is no short cuts or widgets, so I can put a file directly on my home screen and go straight to it.
Nice but The UI is nice. And you can switch between internal and external storages so fast an easily and app works so fast with no lag . and so many other good specs. But I couldn't open rar files with this app and I couldn't send installed apps apk files. if you add these . it would be so great.
Works fine
Nice Can you guys add split view makes some multitasking easier
Cannot rename system files on nougat. Otherwise great.
Some of the switches in settings seem to be "non-sticky" In particular, the "show permissions" switch. Also, when operations fail due to file permissions, they tend to fail silently, for example a delete operation ends in "done" but the file is still there.
FYI-Crashes when I click Movies bookmark On the side menu, I clicked on 'Movies' bookmark. The app crashed all of a sudden. I had no Movies folder that time.
No network functionality
Very cool. Would love Google Drive integration
Cloud Service Integration Design and functions are great. I am just missing a link to cloud storages like Dropbox or Google Drive, with which I could upload entire folders. It would also be great to have a search function in the app manager.
Crashed after update
I'd love to see the available space in the left-menu though.
OTG not supported, I hope it will support soon
Great app
Lightweight, fast, clear ...and free, and no adverts, just works. Great app.
Nice Please update for android 6
Please add drag&drop system! The best material file manager, but please add drag&drop system. Thanks!
Add search to the text editor
Pretty nice Needs some more advanced abilities, e.g. calculate md5 sum or ability to freeze apps..
Light and fast file manager I suggest moving the bookmarks to the slide out navigation drawer instead for quicker switching between different folders or directories.
Nice app The material design looks pretty neat and the app is pretty responsive!
Please add  "open with external text editor feature".  I really need that. Thanks.
Good Needs a toolbar for actions, move button and ability to make the app bar a bit narrower. Fast, responsive.

Great, but Having been put off ES Explorer due to the bloatware and annoying UI, I'm really happy I found Amaze. Great UX so far, very intuitive, and the Material design cues are most welcome. Limited number of permissions too. Very impressed thus far but the deal breaker is no LAN access.
Simple, easy to use, great customisation, no ads, and free dark theme! And there are no wanted features, just clean and simple. Love the material design!
Amazing Concept The design is absolutely gorgeous. I want to use this as my main file explorer, but it needs some added features such as a text editor, zip viewer, and r/w functionality needs to be fully implemented. Oh, and maybe a material design app icon (; That being said, this app is amazing and deserves five stars once it is up to par. Thanks dev, keep it up
Best ulternative of es file manager Best thing is inbuild apk backup
Beautiful Very beautiful UI. When will be possible to delete files from the SD? How can you reply so fast? Thanks for your work (:
Quite good file manager
Hats off really! Includes everything, perfect UI, also the rwx part was amazing 😂 Just wanted to see the piechart or something to see the free space available and music/videos/images sharing spaces. Thanks!
Getting there A good file explorer. Especially if you want open source, but a lack of network drive access makes me take a star off.
Lacks un rar feature. Else its perfect!
Message for Developer I've found this to be an above average file explorer, but I'm leaving this to bring something to your attention. There is an app called EX File Explorer (looks like a duplicate of ES, at first), but when I tried it, I noticed an unmistakable similarity to your app. After comparing, I've found that it is nearly a clone of Amaze.
Superb but lack of FTP & Cloud Storage Option. In a word, this is superb but it looks incomplete without FTP & Cloud storage option. So please add them to fullfil this awasome file manager.
Needs to be updated for Android M /sdcard mountpoint. The one in the default menu points to a dead directory instead of /storage/self/primary.
Great file manager I really like this. My only request would be to add support for cloud storage ( Google drive, drop box, etc). Awesome program.
Pretty fast, lightweight and quite good Very good overall, nice and fast, no extra bloat or dodgy permissions.. Good start... However ... Please make the header smaller.. It's HUGE! .... Also I dont like the big round red plus button in the bottom right corner - please add an option to make it smaller, to move it or to make it transparent (whichever is easiest for you and gets it out the way more) ... Also, I can't tell what the 3rd option does in the 'plus button' menu ... ? ... Please make that clearer ..  .. Finally (if I am being super fussy) if you added very lightweight and simple image viewer, simple doc reader/preview, google drive upload .. then it would be very powerful as well..  See Tomi file manager for ideas..
Excellent, but please... Add a cut button next to the copy button.  I frequently move files around and have I to hit the menu button before selecting move.  Seems small but would be a lot more convenient.  Other than that fantastic app!
Crashes while cut-paste from internal storage to sdcard.
Looks great but search is slow
Nice Simple, fast n ad free. But i found little startup lag in latest version.
Cannot rename system files on nougat. Otherwise great.
Simple and clean but needs some polish It is a nice and fast app but the UI needs some improvements. One problem I have with it is that it truncates the names of all files and folders so if you want to know the name of a file you need to long press select it and then go to menu properties, also on selecting files I wish it showed a bar with quick shortcuts to cut, copy, paste, share etc.
No external usb storage support Plz add this option... Very nice app! Tnx.
4 stars because ftp server only works with internal memory and no sd card.
Awesome but I liked it very much cause only file explorer that works with NTFS system, but I am unable to use root option as I am on a custom 7.1 rom.
Near perfect Great loss, very functional.
No SD card support yet but looks good
Nice app! The only file manager after solid explorer with proper material implementation!
I am GÀUTHÁM Nice file manager,,, on android,,, due more future,,,
Problem in hiding multiple files or folders ...  -> Suppose I have following folders. (1)Songs (2)Videos (3)Data (4)Alarm (5)Images  ->And then if I will try to hide "Videos" and "Data" named folders then it will hide "Videos" named folder but instead of "Data" it will hide "Alarm" named folder..  Please, fix it... otherwise everything is just perfect, Trust me....!
Great Looking Only thing i wish is that you could swipe between tabs. Other than that this might just become my default FM(after using root explorer for 5 years)
Good one pls add option to turn off animation, it needlessly slows down the operation.
4 from me are very good. I only missed ftp connection in this app. But hay! It is a good reason for me to set up a smb on my Linux instead. GUI did not talk to me personally. But it is not bloated with... Stuff. This will be my new pridicesur to "not cool at all any more es file explorer"!  Thanks app of the day and the team who made this app. You made my evening!
Great design Sweet material design explorer. Lightweight, open-source and get the job done.
Feature request. This open source file manager needs one feature- OTG support. Please provide it in the next update. I am looking forward to reinstalling Amaze. Thank you for the work you have done so far.
KitKat-ty Amaze 'ing file manager. Material design makes organizing files fun ?:/
是不是不再维护了 安卓6.0华为mate8可以对system下的文件进行编辑，却无法删除，显示删除完成，其实还在，已经有root权限了
Great but.. It needs support for Drive and Dropbox. Then it'll get 5 stars.
App.is beautifully designed, but is missing some features. Access to network resources and 3rd party cloud services like MEGA would be nice.
Theme Want a deep black/Amoled black theme like cabinet beta does.
USB disk folder not show It is  Awesome file explorer  .random theme .But not supported usb drives fix it..
Really a wonderful app.. Only thing is, it crashes alot..

Awesome file Manager, I would only ask for 2 things to consider this 1 of the best. First, it needs Mega Cloud support & second, it would be nice if there were dual homepages that you can swipe back & forth on, the being to have the internal storage open on first homepage & cloud link open in second homepage for the easiest & most efficient way of coping files back & forth between device & cloud
Excellent File Manager Its the world best file manager to extract any file .I extract wwe 2k game and I get it for free from Aptoide .
Best file manager,but please include the size also with each folders.
Beautiful app with required functionalities and no ads.  Just one drawback though. On sharing a pdf file, there is no option of whatsapp. Please fix it in next update.
Meets expectations on most features Amaze works well for most features. It does have a couple of issues within the  file editor:  if you rotate the phone, any recent unsaved changes are lost.  Changes are also lost if you change focus from amaze to another app while in the middle of making edits.
The go to File Manager I generally don't rate an app with four stars, but this one is simple, intuitive, beautiful, customizable, free and most importantly ad free.
Found this app after ES File Explorer became rubbish. I'm liking this so far, back to doing the stuff I want, and nothing more, in a tidy interface. No ads, no prompting me to install other apps or rate it.
I am not able to see my memory card. I can see only the folders of internal storage. I don't find the setting also to change that n be please help me
On Android Oreo a piece of the folder on the icon is round and weird. Will give 5 stars after it's fixed.
Love it but.... Please add a filter option...otherwise its great file manager...simple an cool...
Can guys add select all option in app manager to backup
Icon color Please randomize icon colors when random theme is activated
Happy user Simple to use n navigate around .most importantly.... Less invasive permissions....Keep up t good work dev..
It's very basic, lacking tools I need. But it's free with zero bloat. A Good alternative (just not for me)
Fantastic file manager,*.. Thanks for pointing out being able to back up installed apps as apk,  ***one suggestion when amaze explorer is first openef under the search line why not have 2 tabs one for emulated0 and one for sd card  that also shoe size and space left over for each drive but still keep the emulated0 folders as the first opened page, ***another minus, where is the recent tab to show recent files added to your phone..
If folder in a SMB share has a dot followed by a name, the icon changes to that name, which send to appear like a file with an extension of that name
Crash while share files Crash while sharing files from android folder inside internal SD
Bug Does not support cloud send and dropbox
Materially Nice This is a fantastic basic file manager. But, most of us looking for a file manager need more. It's in beta, so it will get better. If the Dev can build in more attached features (NAS mapping) I'll definitely be back. Until then, ES it is.
Simply Awesome...!! Finally found what I want...!! Keep it up bro....!! :)
No free and used storage info?
Really liking the app Looks like the developer is working hard to make this a nice all around file manager. Still needs some work for functionality, but its coming along really nicely. Going to keep this installed to see where it goes! Good work so far! And the themeable UI is just awesome!
Best file manager so far Material design root access great ui
Features missing. Please add the "drag n drop" feature and the menu which will appear when tapping n holding any file or folder.
Great But..... I cant rename a file!!
cool i like it coz i can see the resource inside an apk like ringtones from subway surfers etc please provide more functions like delete etc
Need a more usability The ui is very charming but still lack of usability like fast scrollbar, hope it will get better soon
Really great! Long time ES File Explorer switched to this one and liked it very much.   Could you guys add interval select? That's the only thing missing for me.
There are some small features I'd like it to have, e. g. an ability to name smb shares, but generally the application is great. But please fix crashes while selecting multiple files in a samba share.
Open Source app Looks & works great. Please fix alarm tone selection bug.
Material design! Smooth and quick file manager. The only feature I miss is cloud integration (dropbox and drive) and smb support for local network access.
Nice A file manager that is very pleasing to the eye and colorful. I would give 5 stars if you added otg support and improved speed during zip extraction. Also crashes sometimes in L. Keep up the good work
Simply amazing App crashes when you try to leave zip archive
Excellent app with neat interface.... Please try changing the below.             1. Unable to share the folder.                   2. Please make cut copy paste simple.
KitKat-ty Amaze 'ing file manager. Material design makes organizing files fun ?:/
This is so good! But Searching for files is a little bit slow just make it faster and i'll rate it 5
Deserves the name This is excellent. Would like to request the developer to include different icon sizes (smaller icons if possible) and grid view for all folders. Good work
Almost perfect Needs download manager, otherwise it's a great and beautiful app.
Great open source file manager would recommend to anyone keep up the good work
Almost worthy of five stars. Really don't have any issues with the app. It's almost perfect for me. Although I would suggest that you add the ability to remove The bookmark and App Manager short cuts from the sidebar. I really have no use for them but I can see how some people might. Making it an optional choice would benefit everyone I think. Please take this into consideration. That's the only thing preventing me from rating this app 5 stars.

Crashes on startup in 3.3.0 on my Pixel 3 XL.
Best file manager,but please include the size also with each folders.
Intuitive interface. Can't use it because I cannot figure out how to write 
to my SD card.
Interface is dated and nonintuitive. Uninstalled. Appreciate the effort though and will keep an eye on it.
App crashes as soon as it is started on version 3.3.0. Please fix this as soon as possible
I like the app, but changing permissions of system files doesn't work, even 
when I have granted superuser rights.
Extracting rar files doesn't work when they have a password. I'll give 5 
stars when that gets fixed.
I would give for star because it is pretty smooth and simple, but one thing i do concern about, please add select all apps in apps category to backup all selected apps. Hope it will help.
Any day better and cleaner than ES or solid, I would definitely prefer this, though there is a bug that when I try to delete multiple files at once the app crashes :( . Developer please fix this bug ; I have cyanogenmod Android 6.0.1
Quick access doesn't show up on android 8.1
App keeps closing when trying to delete some documents
Please add option to select interval and batch rename.
BUGS FOR LARGE FOLDERS While browsing folders with thousands of files, the 
app is crashing frequently. Logcat is showing ConcurrentModificationError 
in HashMap. Please fix this.
4 stars because sometimes it crashes with no reason and randomly. It happens when I create a folder, move to many files or even change a config
Good app .
In need of a better home screen  which should also show the space left in the phone
Looks good so far Seems pretty useful but I'm a bit worried as to why it wants to know details of the people in my Google + circles.
After leaving ES Explorer and found this im finally happy it shows a lot of promise,  one thing i having being able to do is create a shortcut though !
Attractive UI, though not quite as powerful as something like ES Explorer. This one is very basic file viewer.  Don't trust it with file management operation. Tried to move a file one directory in external SD card. It just went in a copy loop and create bunch of random file and folders.  So priority request for them is to have reliable file handling operation.  Second on the wish list is LAN drive/connected device support. In that user can access and read/write to external LAN connected drive.
This app is ok, but missing critical features like: rename files, navigation buttons (back, fwd, up level), ability to copy/edit path - file properties dialog (could at least allow to copy file size, name, path, do chmod, chown, etc), organized list, right now it is 75% empty screen space and small file names, while normally at least 30 lines could've been displayed. Also it is laggy and animations use CPU. And the "in-app purchases" requirement bothers me..
I can't see the storage status.Please indicate the storage status of phone and sdcard.  I can see that now.But I think it would be better to make it visible as users won't be able to find it.Just a suggestion.Thanks.
Copy and cut issues After update i still have problems with copy and cut, can't do them from Storage to SD card. Please fix! :(
I support open source However, it crashed trying to delete 3 folders. Going to have to stick with Total Commander for now.
Here's a Bug: When you long click on a shortcut/bookmark like Music, Movies, etc. The app crashes!
Like it... But When i move a file or folder it crashes
force stops while creating a new folder.
Where's the SD Card? Doesn't detect SD card on Android N.
I really like the app, but lately I've been having problems with file actions, after trying something (paste, delete, rename, etc.) It crashes out :(
Lost functionality with 6.0 External hard drive that was found with 5.0 doesn't appear with 6.0
Needs work. Performs OK, just keeps telling me has stopped whenever I try to open something and samba shares continually need to be refreshed.
Why does this app need in-app purchases?
Where is the network support. I can't access shared folders on a LAN or ssh/ftp to anything...
Crashes After the new update it keeps crashing whenever I delete any file and change the color of the layout. Please fix it
Thanks for the fast and lightweight manager. It can grow to take place of the ES of the past. Switched from ES because recently, it has become a spam and bloatware heavy app, and the top in battery draining list.  Some bugs/suggestions:  1. Copy paste and cut paste notification stays on forever. Therefore next operation in queue won't start.  2. Have to set the default home tabs, each time I open the app.  3. Dual toolbar top (static) and bottom, would have been great.  4. The top ui bar should occupy less space, and be static with address, tabs, three line menu switch, etc. The dynamic style of it hinders easy copy pasting, directory switching etc  5. Grid view is not as comfortable as ES, cannot get the same experience even after adjusting the no of rows
It seems like ok.
Good file manager Nothing special about it and application is laggy.
Screen flickering and crashes Nice file manager, but i see screen flickering when i press "+" floating button and then press "back" button. If i press "+" and then "x" animation goes smoothly. Also app crashes when i try to zip something.
👍 Material design Rocks! Sorry But no where near to my daily driver ES! Amaze doesn't have Samba browser, FTP, Remote manager, built-in Image/audio viewers, Memory analyst,etc...
Want to I want to show the file PDF and doc and apk  if I can't get location of these in my phone or SD card
Nice app It color the top notification panel pink. I want it to be opaque, not transparent. Rest is great.

Pretty good, and no adware, which is a massive plus, but it's not totally intuitive, and for some reason if you browse to a folder with a currently downloading file, good luck getting out of there... The app totally loses it's mind.
Nice replacement for ES Nice replacement for bloated ES file explorer. Not so many options (eg no option to choose location for app backup). Nice that it supports app backup, but when testing this the backupped .apk's could not be installed! (Parse error)
Bad archives support Good app, but doesn't open archived files that ES explorer can handle without any issues
The only problem I've encountered so far is that I can't open audio files.
Awesome Changed rating.  Coz if i cut song nd paste it another folder then my music player failed to play it
Crashes on selecting "share" menu item. LG G2 5.0.2 CM Nightly
Root ? Nice but root explorer dsnt work...even if its checked ....!!!      P.S - device is rooted
force stops while creating a new folder.
Where's the cut function? The interface is nice, but there are many missing functions that I think are essential to a file manager such as cut and compress.
Ok
Nice service After my feedback of not working on my phone then I got a new update of it quickly....sorry...but it have many bugs which i haven't seen......please Kindly give me a new upgrade of it........i love this app
Crashes a lot
Pretty average
Root After enabling root, no files are visible on the device. Missing the quick delete on the title bar. Everything else works great.
File How can I move files to sd card thanks
It's great but . . . Just a bit laggy with the animations. Also, add more features for a power user, like SD card and cloud storage. And make navigation a bit easier, like when I'm trying to go back to the main screen by cycling through the folders I had to go straight back to the menu instead of tracking back in the folders.
Experiencing Root Error Works fine but enabling Root Explorer causes the App to misbehave. I'm using Note 2 running SlimKat ROM.
Great but... This app is great, i just want to request to have an option to display the used and free space rather than the total number of files, will rate to 5 star if granted. Thanks
No Icon There is no icon in the launcher
Not amazed Cannot set media files as ringtones
no batch rename
Back to ugly root explorer Unable to write files to system
Good Files can't not be moved and it crashes, Other than that its great
Signing in with Google causes force close every time
Can't attach files through this app. Tried attaching a zip to my email but always gets "can't attach empty file" error even though the zip is not empty. I can attach the zip just fine through the system file explorer. Please look into this.
I'm missing the abillity to access the MicroSD Card using FTP.. why isn't this available as a virtual directory ?
Excellent file explorer.. Ad and bloat free!! BUG REPORT: when copying a file to the SD card or renaming a file on the SD Card the app randomly closes.. I have uninstalled the app, rebooted and reinstalled - but still experience this issue
Very basic and nice looking one Yet the absence of cloud support drives me off
Problem with moving and copying files in the latest update. I won't update until this is fixed.
Nice, but missing some features A great looking file manager with a lot of useful features. However it cannot currently access network locations, which limits is usage
still no compact condensed view, too much wasted screen space
Crashed Latest version of the app forced closed when I tried to delete a file. Otherwise, a good light-weight file explorer.
Great start! I'd really like to see a move file option. Thanks for replying, but cut and paste is not the same as move.
Can't use OTG Did it support OTG? I can't figure it out, even root access is not really working for my Nexus 6p
Not showing External SD card on "mi redmi 4" while other apps were showing
Where's the Bookmarks? Unable to access saved bookmarks since the last update.
Awesome work done :) However some more features like and bug fixes wud make it perfect. Like items showing 0kb wen copied or moved without notice of error and a recycle bin and option to remove Go Back button on every screen and an option to increase the size of the icons displayed etc..
Smooth interface, but the SMB client doesn't work. It keeps telling my username and/or password are incorrect. The FTP server also only allows you to browse internal storage, not an SD card.
crashing when backing up apps and when sharing app with google drive
It's ok. But lacks cloud support. Deal breaker for me. Hopefully will be added in the near future.

Was good… Then i upgraded to 6.0.1 its started to crash in lots of ways… before that it was best file manager…
Works well with one caveat. When you copy a file from sd to internal it doesn't seem to actually copy. This is a problem with gear vr because if you copy a vid from sd over to internal download directory where gear vr looks, it's not there. Copied over from samsung my files worked fine  Must just copy a shortcut to save time I guess.
Simple and Clean, but... I'm looking for alternatives to ES File Explorer, and this is one of the leading contenders due to its clean interface. Unfortunately I haven't made the switch yet because Amaze doesn't seem to support USB OTG yet.
Keep getting message that Amaze has stopped on galaxy S8
It's need lot of improvements......
They're off to a good start but it definitely needs to work out some bugs. I like the fact it's open source. Big plus. S7/7.0
It'd be awesome if a video cast feature is added to cast videos from the app, like Solid Explorer does!
When I select a couple of pictures and I cut them and then paste in the SD card the app crashes im running Android 4.4.4
A great start, but still some room for improvement. Functionality: 1.Cant see external SD in directories. 2.It would be better if extraction / compression location could be set per each use  (like es), rather than a preset folder. 3. Lacks an internal Image Viewer. UI Improvements: 1. Icons in List view should be a bit larger (currently too small; especially for tablets. 2. The "Add" FAB could bring up secondary FAB's for "Add File" and "Add" Folder; rather than a popup window. Keep up the great work!
Still no copy progress yuk!
Video over smb has bad performance I like it overall, but one of my main use cases does not work well. At home I play video from my smb share and the performance is terrible. I use MX player and use the file manager to access the share; in other file manager this works fine but in Amaze it takes a long time to load, has interrupted playback, and often freezes.
Hard to use I hate the new tablet multipane as I have a small tablet. Can you make it an option? I also cannot figure out how to add bookmarks. Also could you add Dropbox support? Used to love this app EDIT: the ui is fixed!
Was perfect but recently 'compress' is causing Amaze to crash (Select files, select 'compress', blank 'zip' created, "Amaze has stopped working..." // Also fails to copy files to SD rendering its name a bit of a misnomer.
Please fix copy/move notifications in API 24. Feature request: add exported file provider like in es explorer. So users can choose path to save/load data through this great app.
Better than rest but bugged. Minor bug, causes duplication of items in the gallery and apks, but deleting one causes deletion of both items. App worth 5 stars if bug is fixed
Good file manager But the "cut" tool doesn't work on my phone (Moto E)
have to force grid view. no option for setting it as default view.
Constantly crashes I love that this is open source,  but the fact that it crashes all the time is a real problem.  I'll try on another device soon.
Didn't you seen searching method?!! Its all good but not totally materialised yet!! And searching is worst and must to improve....And better you checkout CM file manager and add its functionalities to this...And I can bet that your app will ROCK!!   Thanks for reading ;)
Having problems! EDIT: Any way around having to disable root to view the sdcard?
Copy/cut/paste feature broken... Can't paste!
Its really great except... I am not able to delete files/folders.The app is crashing when I try to do so. Even after the latest update
Well... It's was great until I realized that when I copy folders it doesn't copy anything inside the folders. Basically, if I want to copy something from one folder to another, I have to copy every file/folder individually.
Lack of OTG support That's a dealbreaker right there. Moved back to ES File Explorer cos of that.
Files of unknown mime-type cannot be opened Instead, at least on my Nexus 5 BubbleUPnP opens and starts playing music, and I get a toast message saying "cannot play, cannot get file mime-type". Same goes for opening /data/media/clockworkmod after enabling Root Explorer. The toast message says cannot play: file does not exist: /data/media/clockworkmod
Force Close Closes While Trying to Type with Text Editor
Good desing but not have optuons Root Mode
Up against es Early days..  Supporting all I can..  Looks sexy..   Works so far good
Nice just gets crash at heavy process
Looks nice but not fast enough As mentioned, it looks very nice with material design but does not react fast enough
Please make swipe dual tab look like root browser
I really like the features on the app but whenever I try to delete multiple items at once it crashes on me! Please fix this soon. (Moto g4 plus)
can't browse otg can't browse otg
So-so Bookmarks can't be edited now? Color of switches in settings should follow accent. Icon color should follow theme, not independent. Loose the lense in the app icon, it's ugly. Make the app icon more material like a material star on material folder, since this app is all about material-ish. Folders/files icons should have a square or round option. G+ should be scrapped, it has no place in any apps nor anyone hearts except G's own. FAB should be consistent, regardless of app toolbar. FAB on top, really?
Seemed legit I gave it a three because it didn't really give me a chance to do much before it started to continually freeze. Occasionally a web browser will freeze because im an impatient button masher. I need something now instead of ES so I'll try it again later
needs more. great start but needs more.  ftp / smb / cloud access.  zip viewer and extractor.  without these its just a pretty app that can't  compete with ES File Manager.
crashing when backing up apps and when sharing app with google drive
Simple :::::;;;;,-:;#, Workable
Great but.. This is a great lollipop file manager.... But it doesn't have otg support.. Pls add this feature.
Pretty good, just bummed that the FTP Server function crashes the app! Fix this and I will add 2 stars to my review

Need builtin images viewer Believe me, if amaze have this feature it will become the best file manager.
Cut and Paste icons do not appear in the same place. You have to scroll all the way back up to the top to paste something, even if you move folders.   Navigating up folders is also not very intuitive.
Works well with one caveat. When you copy a file from sd to internal it doesn't seem to actually copy. This is a problem with gear vr because if you copy a vid from sd over to internal download directory where gear vr looks, it's not there. Copied over from samsung my files worked fine  Must just copy a shortcut to save time I guess.
meh Too much wasted space. No control over text size. I'm using a phone with a decent size screen (5.5 inch) and in landscape there is so much space wasted only two files are visible. Noy very useful with such a limitation.
Needs an Update Recently installed it and its a good app with a nice UI but it needs a bit more customization options. Also, the move feature isn't working and it needs to be fixed
Great file manager but I can't edit text files on my SD card
Was A Good App On some of my devices,but doesn't have a setting on my Lenovo tablet to check the SD card.
Wow it's very good
FTP Support
Moving Files Everything is going great from the material design and theming to unpacking rars but it cant do one of the most simple function of moving files. Please add this in the next update.
Update for Android Marshmallow App needs an update for android marshmallow. It is not showing SD Card and internal memory contents properly.
lots of unused space in the UI layout not for users with lots of files on their sdcard
SD card problem I cannot see my sd card. My phone version is 6.0.1
Cut doesn't work If I cut and paste, it just copies. The source files are never deleted. Fix it please.
Looks awesome yet... Won't cut & paste ; (
Looks nice. Failed to copy a movie to an SD card though. Pretty basic stuff for a file manager!
Like it.
app设计逻辑混乱
SD card issue on non rooted KitKat. Hopefully fixes will come soon.
Cannot move files?
Super but When we open songs folder the images defaultly set to songs is not shown. But in other files mangers the images are shown. In this app only music symbol displayed. Pls fix it.
Name Change... Bro the app ui is awesome but it's request that please change its display name from Amaze to File Manager Amaze... Coz I think I will help people to find in their app drawer. Only amaze is irritating
SMB is not up to snuff. Unless I'm missing something, shares on a server are added automatically so you can't add hidden shares.
It's great,,but After I updated to latest version..I can't open it..unfortunately app has been closed...please fix it,, I love this app..
Nice simple app, but it crashed as i selected FTP
App is good...please change its display name from amaze to file manager or explorer
Simple and great Like the simplicity
Great app Greatest file explorer and small in size works great on my s6 edge missing features like cloud integration root and an inbuit text editor luving it pls include the above features in next update then 5 stars
Nice app otherwise, but is very unstable and crashes/locks up for long periods of time when moving or copying photos to SD card. Also just randomly crashed without even doing anything. :(  I told it to cut and paste into folder to overwrite pics, but it just locks and crashes doing nothing... UI is also bit clunky with many tools and critical main menu. hidden behind unnecessary downswipe and top bar with lots of wasted space.
Samba streaming not working anymore I chose Amaze as a replacement for ES File Explorer. I used to stream from my samba share to vlc. This doesn't seem to be possible anymore. I would appreciate some feedback on this problem. Maybe I can help to elaborate. Apart from that it's a great app.
Nice, but need some work Bookmark manager FC. Bookmarks should be displayed in slider. Perhaps grouped by type (local, remote, ...) Cloud integration (drive, Dropbox), remote access (ftp, sftp, ...). Breadcrumbs are big and could be better displayed - perhaps in action bar directly. You should give link to source - the GPL actually mandates that.
Nice When try to play a music file, it show "unfortunately amaze has stoped
Simple user Nice ,,,, simple
Good Can we get an option to sort by file type?
Its good Though it could do with zip support, otherwise I love the design slick nd simple
Installed and it stopped working twice within 5 minutes with just simple file browsing. Uninstalled
It's alright, but it doesn't have the ability to show picture thumbnails, and the navigation is a little convoluted.   Better than es file manager but it's lack of features made me switch to Solid  I understand it's open source and not going to have  everything under the sun but it's just missing some critical functionality for me.
Decent, has a lot of room for improvement. Needs cloud support, .rar and .7z support, file sharing over ftp, password protected folders support. Basically, add ES File Explorer features except the cleaner and ads.
[REQUEST] Build-in media player
I like it but... It's a great app, you can do many things with it, but still lacks of more functions like edit, move, etc.

Could have had LAN Tab!! Many file managers now have option to connect to PC connected on same WiFi. This add-on to this file manager should certainly make it the best file manager which it is not today.
Good file manager, but I need more useful features. This file manager can't extract password protected archives.
meh Too much wasted space. No control over text size. I'm using a phone with a decent size screen (5.5 inch) and in landscape there is so much space wasted only two files are visible. Noy very useful with such a limitation.
Nice looking, ad free, simple. But it just keeps crashing. Especially when trying do manipulate files on SD card.
The app crashes each time when I try to decrypt a file which I encrypted 
with it. This could be a serious loss for someone with valuable data
Everything is great with the app. However, when I move files from storage 
to SD cards, the app sometimes takes very long time to complete the task, 
and also crashes. My folder of SD card contains over 1000 files, so I think 
this app does not work well in this situation. Hope the development team 
will fix this soon.
The app itself was great (nice UI, had customization settings..etc), 
however it constantly force-stopped. Had to uninstall~
Looks like a good... Please make an update of thumbnail icon for pictures, when I switched to the grid view it looks like not material but kind of old style.
The interface for Amaze is one of the most latency-heavy I've ever seen; it handles file operations poorly with no visual indicator that anything is actually getting deleted, moved, or copied. (Reading up, it seems SD card operations are prone to error and may explain why Amaze crashes so frequently for me.)  Good to see open source but surprising that SD card operations are so underwhelming.
Need OTG support
I the description it says there are no in-app purchases but then needs 
access to in-app purchases? I hope this doesn't turn out to be sketchy
App crashes every time I try to open a file from the Chrome downloads or from an email.
Why abondened such nice app... There are few force closes some time... Plz update its very good app
Can't seem to create home screen shortcuts on Samsung s8. Storage permissions enabled.
It's good. But crashes when extracting rar file on Oreo 8.1
Needs improvments
great but crashed :(
I cant creat new folders with my sony m2. Its show select"sd card" and i selected it. But its showing same msg allways.never creat my folders. Its have good interface. I like it
Good one but needs some improvement on app management section like they do on ES File explorer.. I liked it cause cause it takes less amount of space and no background process which saves a lot of memory space
App auto quit App quit by itself when attempting to connect to SMB server. All details and credential were correct. Hope dev fix this as soon as possible as I want to switch out from ES File Explorer as soon as possible.
Ok, but needs more work UI looks good, but crashes are unacceptable...
Love the app, but a bug is preventing it from being a usable​ root explorer for me.  I'm unable to edit file permissions.  When viewing a file's details, clicking the 'Permissions' box does nothing.  I'm on Android 7.1.2.
Not a replacement for ES. Crashes while opening .XML files.
When it worked it was great, but it crashed *a lot* when moving files over about 50MB, which for my purposes rendered it next to useless.
Clean look but terrible SMB performance
Not bad Design is great.  Problem..... Coping, moving, deleting very slow, even sometimes crashes. Not showing sd card size.
Nokia X2 Dual Sim First of all thank u for IR great effort. U did amazing job. But some suggestions ........               Progress of moving and copying file should be displayed for monitoring......
Like it,  but somehow lost files while cut/pasteing Tried to move a file from internal storage to SD and it worked,  tried to Move a whole directory and it just vanished..  Still looking for the files..  Trying to recreate the issue for better bug report.
Fine
Fine.
It was working perfectly until one day it just stopped letting me do anything on my SD card. It looks like some people are having the same problem.
Compression crash The app crashes when trying to compress a file
Good There has a problem in this app. When I try to copy files, or videos more then 1gb its fail and crash. Please fix it. Thank You. Your well wisher  Anick Chowdhury :)
Selection is still not material design like Otherwise nice and simple
Not ideal Struggles when more than one file at a time
Marshmallow The paths in Marshmallow are changed and the app can't find External SD card
Nice App because no add. I will donate some amount if features like folder size is added. I.e how much kb/gb a folder have
Unable to share files When I tried sharing an audio file to a whatsapp contract, the screen changed to the share screen, I selected a contact and clicked on share, but it just closed. When I check, nothing was shared. This happens every time I tried it.
The use of material design is really good, which makes the app look great. The app features are good as expected, but some bugs with the SD card permission system are still there. Hoping for improvements
3.1.1 works fine but this version can't scan smb shares, it goes into an infinite loop. cm12 gs3

Instead of providing "Full change log" don't you guys think it makes much more sense to provide some key changes when every update? I mean that makes it so much easier for the users to understand. Is it really that painful?
I really wanted to like app - it's elegant, open source with no adds, and the tab functionality is quite handy - however in both its view modes you can see no more than 4-5 files in a standard 5 inch phone, which is quite impractical. If only the developers added a compact view.
Cannot copy files over samba without crashing, 99% failure rate, please 
test your own software before distribution.
Everything is great with the app. However, when I move files from storage 
to SD cards, the app sometimes takes very long time to complete the task, 
and also crashes. My folder of SD card contains over 1000 files, so I think 
this app does not work well in this situation. Hope the development team 
will fix this soon.
Where are settings? And why doesn't this show in an application manager?
Unfortunately let me down Great UI, but until it is fixed I rate 2 stars, errors on folder create/delete and errors on copy and pasting to an external SD card. I have another file mgr that can do it just fine on KitKat. So please fix and will rate 5 stars.
Ten months ago, I wrote a negative review, bemoaning the fact that there wasn't an option to move files. A reply from the developer was to update to the latest version. So, today I reinstall with, presumably, the latest version possible, and STILL no option to move files, or, if there is an option, then it isn't clearly defined. I don't understand why this app gets such good reviews when this (basic) option is not available.
Not detecting USB stick!!! But the App looks nice.
write permission bug keeps nagging and suggesting to enable write permissions for my micro sd card in android 6.0.1 on my lg g pad x 8.0.. stock lg file manager deletes files just fine without write permission nagging
Cut, Copy & Delete Problem #Lollipop Phones 😖 Application are read only access on SD card.. Please fix, using Moto G 2nd gen. UI is beautiful 😭
Battery hog I was unable to terminate a copy process midway. It kind of hanged and even after "force stop" kept working in the background and surprisingly depleted the battery enormously like 45℅ to 12℅ in 5 mins.
Crashes when i try to cut and then paste a file into another storage (phone Xperia V)
Crashing! Logged in with G+. Crashing since then. New update (v2.0.3) really needs fixing. Would rate 5 stars again once this is fixed.
Add ftp/sftp support. :)
Crash Whenever I copy anything from internal to external storage, the app crashes. Please fix.                       Device: D6653 android 6.0.1
Not as described. No multiple tabs, SMB or cloud. False advertising.
Cloud management is really a basic requirement for a file manager app today. Shame that it does not have it.
Warning! I moved some files from the limited onboard storage to the extSDCard and they seem to have just been deleted. I can forgive some flaws in software, but a file manager that loses files is dangerous. Phone: Galaxy S5 Mini.
needs split screen
Neat, zip not working After dumping ES explorer i was searching for a simple file explorer and finally i found this really appreciate the work by devs for this app.
Crashes all the time.
Crash issue Just installed and tried. IT CRASHES everytime I try to rename a file. OS is jellybean on MT6589 chip, so I guess it should work fine. So uninstalling as of now.
No option to see cloud accounts? If so, huge disadvantage
Looks good but lacks some functionality Lacking some basic functionality such as the ability to sort by type of file
Not having "cut" option for folders , icons are also back dated
Great app until it turn off my sound notifications menu. I can't change the sound in my ringtones or notification on my Note 4. Drove me nut for 3 days because I couldn't figure it out what was happening. I even did a factory hard reset because of it. Fix this!!
Was using it but now just crashes Installed Amaze some months ago but now I can't use it. I go to open it and it always reports 'Amaze has stopped'. Using a Nexus 5
Garbage Won't create folder or move anything to sd card
Meh Samba streaming of videos crashes MX player. Didn't happen on ES, so pretty useless to me.
闪退 Nexus6P，7.0
Can't even complete basic tasks Moving picture to another folder doesn't even work.
Slow
Why a file manager needs access to identity? Great look, but seems fishy
No SMB support This is supposed to be there. The change log gives no clue as to how it disappeared. Since that's the only reason I wanted it, I uninstalled it immediately.
As others are saying, it updated this morning and now crashes every time I open it.  This is a great app!  I use it all the time.  PLEASE fix it ASAP!
Why can't it write to USB? I can do it with root browser
Very Basic Feature For Any File Management System Is A BUG Here ! Yeah! You've Fixed The Copying Issue Perfectly. I'm Impressed 👍 . But The Only Reason Behind 2 Stars & Uninstalling Application Is That- CUT Option Is Just Name, Bcoz Actually It Does COPY OPERATION. About Rest Of The Things, Proud To See This MADE IN INDIA Application Has Comparatively Better Logical Interface Than Others Like Solid Explorer Classic Which Have Over Hyped Interface (Consisting Unnecessary Elements & Icons). & BEST PART OF THE AMAZE IS LOWEST RAM CONSUMPTION 👍...
Not working App crashes any time I try to copy/paste or delete a file
Recent update made it so that preview always shows most recent photo, and so that back button exits app. Not great for something which is supposed to be a stable product!
Last version unusable. Could not start because of trying to cast an Integer to String or vice versa during startup. Had to delete app data and lost lot of bookmarks. Then, attempting to search and multiple problems. Click search area to update text and it disappears. Hit back button and app crashes with NPE in some fixSlashes method. Have to uninstall and switch to another, more stable, browser. Too bad, I used this app for a long time but I need something stable.

Meh... Too many theming options, an app manager... this is one of those apps which try to be too much. It would better be a useful root explorer but nothing more.
It's very bothersome. I want to see my internal storage and sd card storage but i can't even tell where I'm at. Because instead of showing what i want it shows "amaze" at the top of the window which doesn't make any sense
I have to re-enter my SMB access for my computer all the time... I even set it as home and it just continues to disappear. Fix this and get 5 stars from me
It's good but needs a lot of improvements. It won't display root files on non-rooted devices and the extract feature doesn't seem to work.
Errors on file copy/save. SMB UI doesn't properly save server share paths. 
Many outstanding issues in GitHub!
Constantly crashes when moving fines between storages.
Very confusing gui I think you need to go back to the material design guidelines and reconsider your choices. This is an incredibly confusing and counterintuitive app. Also, your previews show the action button in a contrasting color but in the app it is the same color as the title bar.
Not too great Constantly crashing whenever I try to transfer anything.
Unstable, constant shut downs.
The app is adequate I guess but I'm really looking for a good manager that does SMB well. And this one usually fails to make server connections.
So what can i do To fix the kitkat problem. I cant update my device since its rooted so...
Help I have lost my phone nd before that i had backup on Google Drive but still there was some files on my phone which was hidden by one application so I am not going to find these files on good drive😰😰😰  .........so guys pls help me to find that... 🙏🙏🙏🙏
All in all, it is a very nice look manager. There are still some trouble with the zip and rar extensions. It cannot open or extract files properly. It will show the parse is error, but if you use other app, it is working fine. Slow progress and functions are laggy and so forth. I recommend try other manager for the time being.
Since last apdate I can not browse imagine anymore
nice
Doesn't start with latest update
list item take too much space; missing info 1) Each list item is surrounded by too much empty space. List view could have been easily compressed more. 2) In list view, I want to see full time ( not just month & day, & year if not current). 3) Sometimes Amaze seems to fail to recall options set previously.
What Happened? I really loved Amaze but the recent update broke a lot of key functions. For example moving or even copying files results in errors now.
Very unstable, keeps crashing.
amazingly annoying can't set ringtone from settings
Excellent app Everything is flawless , I had an issue with the previous version but now it's perfect !
Not working What a boring app when I open its take a lot of time to open &when I open and delete file  its tell unfornuately amaze file explorer has been stop then so make some improvement in it
Can't move files to sd card!!
Why is it making folder while doing backup of any app!
OTG no supported This app doesn't support OTG, please fix it and make it compatible for OTG.
Bookmarks got deleted.. Can't access bookmark manager either, the app force closes..
It used to be good. But now, whenever i open a folder, i gonna crash! :((
Please learn from solid file explorer
Can't connect to FTP because it doesn't have option for that No cloud connecting option??
Crashes, nice interface Looks good but crashes on create folder
Sorry The web reviews give this too much credit. Its missing features that should be staple. And it crashes often.
So buggy
خود برنامه خود برنامه قابل انتقال به حافظه خارجی نیست
SMB connection failure This feature is broken. It doesn't connect with the correct info even though other es file explorer worked with the exact same settings. It also seems to erase the first letter on the username everyone it try to log on.
Crashes every time when creating folder in sdcard.
Core function problems I really like how this app is clearly meant to work. I love the open source code. And the tabs. And how it opens really fast and feels lightweight.... But it wasn't even able to properly cut/paste. Most of the time the "paste" icon wouldn't even appear after cut. When it did appear, the paste would fail more often than not. I'm on an S7 Edge. I also would have liked to see cloud support for services such as Dropbox and Google drive.
Looks nice but no Cloud access All file managers should, by now, allow access to Google Drive, Dropbox, OneDrive, etc.
Oops! This app has a hard time and fails to copy/paste/move and rename when it comes to the /system folder. Disappointing.
Bugs Nice file manager but has bugs related to move/copy/paste operations(fails everytime )
Will be great if add with View menu - Details: file size & permission.  Operation with USB Storage is not working it's look like on read only mode.

Does weird stuff to the files. I had a folder A with several tracks 1-10. I 
was moving them from one folder to another. It created a folder for each 
track in A, so I have A1, A2, A3...
Does an okay job as a backup, but FTP support has been getting worse and worse, and I can no longer create folders in filezilla, so it's a lot less useful.
I hope it would be amazing when installing this, but it is not, except for 
no disturbing ads. GUI is space consuming, on 6 inches high res phone it is 
displayed with very few lines, far away from other file explorers, and no 
tabs. The "Hidden Files" menu, appears only when show hidden is set in 
setting, but then does nothing. And no Cloud connection? Rate 2 for clean 
GUI. Uninstalled.
Dislike folder load animation with files/folders dropping down.
Crashes when opening images.  Not a good sign
old encrypted files not decrypting on new OS
This app has a lot of bugs and it hasn't gotten better over time. USB OTG, the Save As intent, etc... Not good on Android 7.
This app is great for just exploring files. For moving files from one to another, it got hanged up.
Not bad and open source, but particularly I prefer FX file manager.
Sometimes it doesn't manage to copy/paste.
Throws error at start of app. Unable to delete
It was good but now there are several bugs,app crashes,file copy/move loop, folder refresh loop.
No SMB 3.0 support.
Appears ok, but by whatever reason corrupts PDF files (20 pages file) when copying from internal storage to microSD card. Looking for alternative.
keeps crashing like everytime i try to do literally anything on my files, it crashed!
Really nice looking but crappy If this had browsing for network shares it would be better. File copying fails a lot for no reason, just stops and no notification. Can't see file details like size or anything. Useless. Uninstalled.
What happened to this app? What use to be a clear obvious UI has become weird. Where is "move"?
SMB Connection failure Otherwise this seems like a nice and working app but the smb connection is a joke. Everytime I try to login Amaze for some reason deletes the first letter from my username. Other features may work but I couldn't be bothered to try them since I need a functioning smb connection. The FTP connect does work fine though, probably due to there not being a username or password.
Needs more attention Should improve some key areas of UI and UX.
It's pretty, but it crashes doing the most basic things. Opening a simple rar archive shouldn't cause any file manager to crash every time.
Reliably crashes when switching from another app
Pretty UI. Does what I want but doesn't I can't copy or cut and paste a file to my external SD card. App stops. Hope next update fixes this.
The new update seems to have broken SMB as I am no longer able to connect to my server. It complains about having issues with logging on. I have deleted the app data and tried to re connect but it is still broken.
Plz change the file name !! Everything thing is good .. !! Except file name plz change the name  Amaze to File manager ... It's irritating !! Actually I have to give 5 star because of name nly I given two star ..  !!
Accessing a shared directory via SMB, no matter which selected, show's the Android file system instead of the directory on the desktop.  Can't recommend it given that it's the only feature I need and the Android file explorer does a better job for internal storage.
It crashes every time I open a file from inside a folder, be it a picture, a document, etc
Important options have been removed! 1. The move option has disappeared, can no longer move folders around. 2. When using the cut and paste option instead. It keeps showing as unsuccessful? 3. Shows my sdcard again which is good! 4. Actually going to uninstall this until fixed.
Crashes when trying move files from local storage to SD card
App force closes when I use the "open with " option , please fix !
It is a great app but im giving 2 stars to let the developers know that the app crashes when u open the folder in which some thing is downloading for eg. the app crashes when u open downloads folder when im downloading through chrome, similarly app crashes when u open uc downloads when uc browser is downloading,.......fix this is is definitely 5 🌟 app
Waste your time!
A file manager that can't carry out basic file management properly. I have lost precious 1.6 GB of data because this manager couldn't properly move the file and made it corrupted. Please stay away from this manager. Possibly the worst manager in terms of file handing.
useless app obfuscates standard folders. cannot return to search results. only finds sd card. overwrites standard file browser without permission. test example: install then try and set ringtones from phones set of ringtones. how this gets more than 1 star by anyone is a mystery.
Bad UI Animations are annoying and can not be disabled.
Crashing when adding a folder I mean, it is basic operation. It must work.
Useless.. Not up to the mark..getting stuck every time and crashes frequently. Even copy paste or cut paste not working..i lost some files during cut and paste...
CAN'T MOVE FILES AND PICTURES AND MUSIC! Pictures, musics cannot be moved from internal storage to sd card. Please fix.
Failed to move files onto sd card then stopped working, rubbish,  don't bother
got itself stuck in a loop exploring \dev. app crashes, restarts trying to browse same folder and loops.
Craches Crashes all the time.

Loved the clean UI, worked perfect until maybe a month ago.  Now it instantly crashes on start. Tried reinstalling to wipe settings, but no go. Stock Nexus 6P
Migliorare la grafica e la velocità e anche l'interfaccia non è ben comprensibile...  Va spesso in crash!  L'app è peggiorata quando si seleziona molti elementi da eliminare, si blocca e si chiude da sola!!!
Crash on start on my Pixel 2 XL
Crash On Nexus 5 with 6.0.1 when I try to open as card folder the app crash.
Crashed
INTRUSIVE UNNECESSARY PERMISSION Permission: Identity; NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS FOR ANY REASON AT ANY PRICE. INSTANT UNINSTALL
Intrusive Why exactly are you wanting my Wifi connection information?
Sorry but this is useless. I cannot list all its faults; here's just a few: You cannot have favourite folders, so you will always have scroll to find what you want. There are the usual virtual folders (music, pictures, videos) but they don't find anything on an an SD card (so called "external storage"). For some strange reason if you click the music or video folders you get a menu asking if you want to "Open as" tesxt, audio, video or database! What the hell is that about!  I could go on, but you get the idea - look elsewhere.
Corrupted my SD card. 😡
App's design is very poor. Network descovery via SMB didn't work at all, you have to set up manually. I didn't figure out how to easily switch between local files (internal and SD card) and SMB files
needs some overlay permission and doesn't work even if you try to enable it. refuses to start
The application keeps crashing whenever I try to decrypt something from a SD card.
Extraction problem Every time I try to extract a file it says it has unfortunately stopped
Nice
Vry bad version. Hate it badly Whenever I used to open amaze application a pop up window used to open, saying unfortunately not responding. I am unable to retrieve my data. Fix it ASAP
:( Tried moving my media files from internal storage to sd card. All gone .. Thx alot.
Not compatible with lollipop Facing problems with lollipop cannot delete files from SD card...
Always force stopes while moving something
No access to SD Card Zero star not available
Does not work!
server doesn't work. Never has.
Crashes Crashes every time I try to extract a file from a zip file.
Constantly getting... "Unsuccessful operations" when trying to copy files from internal to SD card.  Was a successful uninstall though.
Identity permission No one gets/cares about a file explorer so their g+ icon shows, seriously, next you'll ask location permission so you can default which language to use or some bullshit.
Crashing when adding a folder I mean, it is basic operation. It must work.
Can't share files via bluetooth. No bluetooth option.
No NAS FTP? Internal or sd storage only?
Junk Did not read zip file, crashed when asked to create a folder
QUIT CHANGING IT!!!! BRING BACK THE "MOVE" OPTION!!!
Crashes when I try to cut and paste anything
Does NOT work. I fired it up on my phone and it said it was showing the SDCARD, but it was showing the on board storage. It offered me root, which was the system, but could not actually show the SD card. A file manager that does not know where it is, is dangerous. Avoid.
It's clean, but useless.
Problem display of long names, bad use of screen space, limited functionality and ...
The last update asks for my identity and in-app purchases. I downloaded the app because it was only asking for file access. - A file manager does not need my profile pic and the donations do not have to be in the app.
Another file manager app that won't write to the SD card I'm on the nvidia shield tablet. When you try to make a folder on the SD card the whole app crashes. I'm sure this has something to do with whatever SD card permission changes google made to the latest android. Regardless this app doesn't work.
Root explorer is of No use. No Paste copy option in root .
No system files. Why do none of these bloody things let me into my freakin system folder?
Stupid Plus sign. Why why why.
Crashh on jellibean/lolipop Crash when copy cut paste file etc and smb transfer start service crash too :( . Please fix it
Does not detect USB OTG

Not worth it Too many bugs, force closes and errors and also really short on even basic features like remaining storage info. I liked the clean design but not worth it even for free
Awesome Thanks Dev! Its gorgeous. Its customizable. Its fast. Its completely useless to me. Crashes every time I try to move to the SD card. Not one successful move. Sent email, waited. Nothin. Updated today. No change. Im gone. Thanks anyway.
Migliorare la grafica e la velocità e anche l'interfaccia non è ben comprensibile...  Va spesso in crash!  L'app è peggiorata quando si seleziona molti elementi da eliminare, si blocca e si chiude da sola!!!
Forced Stop on deleting files. Its gets lagged everytime i open it.and it gets unable to use.it also mix up the folders display.and also on deleting images it forced stops.pls bring new update and fix
When attempting to access an existing SMB share the app crashes. Deleted app data and attempted to recreate the connection, app now crashes as soon as I try to save the config. Was working, presumably broken by a developer update as I have preformed no phone updates since installing it, 1 star until this is working.
Tried to delete file and it crashed. Tried to copy a file and it crashed. Though this would be good replacement for ESFile but it fails miserably. Replaced with "File Manager"
Really slow copies, clunky interface. Am now happy with solid explorer.
This is a horrible app...
Uninstalled. Delete a whole folder of videos in Amaze but it still shows up under device folders in Google Photo. After downloading a new Gallery app found that the folder is still there !! But it doenst shows up in Amaze. Some how just "hidden" the file but its wasting the device memory!!!
Unable to search file / further subfolder names in subfolders!  After cut-paste, the operation process name is stuck at the notification bar for ever..  How to customise menu layout? UNABLE MOVE FILES WITH SIZE 1GB OR MORE FROM EXTERNAL SD TO INTERNAL STORAGE!!!
Crashes Crashes a lot
Crashed after a few seconds of having it open
That's not a good update A rollback would be best option. Folder size and content not shown anymore. And that's just one issue.. Update: uninstalled. Move files also not working. This is app simply doesn't work. It doesn't do what a file manager does. So what's the point. Uninstalled.
Bad
SD memory I can't make copy, Move or delete for any file stored in enternal memory card
Text Editor Bad Text editor is very bad. when clicking outside of existed lines, it is freezing and adding NUL characters to file. so 121Byte file becomes to 60KB !
Haphazard and Crashy Very much Not the ES Explorer replacement I was looking for. Strange UI where you must scroll to the top of a listing to find the action buttons. Samba looses your directory position so you must renavigate. Lots of forced closes. Right now it has a notify that it is permanently stuck at about 25% copying a file. Selecting that notify takes me to a blank white screen. Swiping Amaze away in the task manager does not remove the notify. Feels like an uphill struggle to do anything. Shame. Uninstalling.
new version not work and  says Unfortunately it stopped please help me
Crashes when using compress file option consistently Uninstalling
Crashes on launch in Android 7.1.1 Moto G5s+
Crashing Stopped working after update...It asked for gmail account nd I gave the details, though it is crashing to open. Uninstalling updates
Nice Nice...
program crashes when trying to write to SD card REally? WHAT ELSE IS A FILE MANAGER GOOD FOR OTHER THAN MANAGING FILES.
Where is "Paste" I cut "to move" an app from internal storage to SD but: Where is the "Paste" option
The last update has ruined the app. It doesn't even function properly anymore. Hopefully they get it together. I love the FTP server though
Can't unrar big files, force closes every time and I had to download a different app to actually extract my files. Red looks pink, may be fine for you but it isn't for me. I'm going to continue using cm file manager. I'd rather not have to download another app to perform a task this app claims to do.
No SMB support
Immediately after installing and noticing how strange a file manager with access to accounts is, I started receiving spam requests over Skype. Until I get confirmation from someone with source code access, I'll just uninstall.
in this app you can't move large files to others folder. when try to move large file this app shutdown automatically.
Failed to amaze Frequent crashing whikevdeleting multiple files, definately find better out there.
Crashing after the update New update is crashing whenever I try to move it copy!! Fix it please
Can't access phone storage Fix the bug , I can't access phone storage
Wouldn't let me actually move any files anywhere
Will not delete a folder or file It will not delete a folder or file. No error or anything, but the file never goes away. ASTRO deletes the same folder or file without issue.
Where did Samba support go?? I used to be able to access my network shares through amaze,  now I don't see any such option or setting anywhere,  did you guys remove it for some reason?
Why can not copy file on sd card Bye
Too complex It will be better to remove app manager and the full network permission
File creation &pasting nolonger works after update
Worst update Worst update. I just updated Amaze app and now it is crashing in the start itself. Please resolve this issue.
Latest update ruined this app When I'm trying to open it , it's frequently getting stop again and again , I can't open it .

This app installed itself after I installed Cake browser. LOOL Cake turns out to be spyware, good think this isnt a phone LOL
Simple unzip does not work properly...
Useless Unintuitive crap don't bother.
Moving files most often crashes the app. The gui does not show any useful progress bars at all.
App crashing like 10 times in 30 seconds. "Amaze has stopped" appears everytime I press home button. Please fix it asap
Does not show shared drives
Ran slow and crashed repeatedly.
Can't delete files on the SD card. Asks for SD card access and when I give the permission, it asks again.
As the app refused to down load then it's next to useless and I am current looking for one that actually works
Crashes on rename - can't change filetype - can't use it - uninstalling
Copy, move not working
Would not let me to select allow to access files.
Absolutely awful don't bother just go for es far superior
Bloatware
Needs proper smb2 implementation
Cut paste doesn't work.. copy paste doesn't work half the time.. useless!
No file search by content.
On my LG G5 it LOCKED UP AND THEN RESET the phone, until I pulled the battery.  Bad Form!!!
Never again
Good interface good features but so instable that cannot be used.
Regular file manager there is nothing special. Can't move files from folder to another, or from internal storage to external.
Can't access network storage.
Always resets
No SMB support
There was no move button, really wasted my time clogged my phone
Crashes on Android 7.0 carrying out basic operations on external SDCard, such as copy, rename, move files/folders, etc...
bookmark folder disappear Just start to love it becoz of bookmark folder function,  the new update suddenly remove the features 😱 how come??
File  manager It is nice.
Crashes any time it loses focus for any reason.
My Files Disappeared Tried to move a file and it just got dissappeared and was an important file ,I'm done with it
/ folder is not visible.
program crashes when trying to write to SD card REally? WHAT ELSE IS A FILE MANAGER GOOD FOR OTHER THAN MANAGING FILES.
Functions Broken The "move"option has been completely removed with only the choice to "cut", but even when copying and pasting folders in my storage, it crashes and only copies half or less the files. Please fix.
crap it crashed every time i open any media (img, vid, mp3, ...) ... uninstalled !! it's a crap and developers don't respond
Does not stay "in sync" with the actual state of your files. Only "refreshes" when you traverse to a directory. I moved a photo using another app, then found it still showing in amaze in that folder. Pretty effing huge flaw for a file explorer.
As usefull as a chocolate tea pot! Could not copy or edit a file in /data/misc/wifi! This was the only reason I installed it!
Terrible UI I can copy or cut, but not paste? It may be possible but they make it so difficult it seems impossible. No option to just move a file/directory. Edit: I've already found a much better file manager so there's no need for me to "update the app" that I've already uninstalled.



































