Nice
Fantastic. Smooth Animations with material design. Also has the ability to share apks.
Ok Great
Thanks Dev!!
Sony Xperia Z Hello is very good software thanks 👑 🎆 🎇 👍 🌹
Great app! Especially loving the upload to APKMirror feature!
Excellent extractor application
Why not swiping The new design looks really great but i can't really swipe the taps. It's really annoying and isn't easy for big screen phone to tap on the tap icons on top all the times, in order to switch taps. I know i can switch tap icons to the buttom but i just love to see taps on the top. Please bring swipe controls. Galaxy S7 edge 6.0.1. Thz
Best APK extractor yet
This app is a huge time savor. No more having to go to APK Mirror and guess which version I need to recommend to send someone.
Hey.. I see that a lot of ytubers use this... Can you tell me how to use this??
Amazing! This is a wonderful piece of work! Many thanks to the developer. Does what it says. Great way to back up apps, especially those that have become abandoneware and can't be downloaded anymore.
Great
Material design Bestest ever
Best Extract App To External Location Not Working In Android 6.0
open source, no AD.
Still learning
Awesome!
Jx love d app
So far... We have the pro version.  Worth it.  On our rooted phone, some apps weren't allowing me to extract the apps using normal apk extracting apps. This application helped me with that. So far, from what I've tested... Great.  Amazing job Dev. Thanks for everything.
Just what i n needed
It's awesome and so useful. I use it to uninstall the apps from my phone cause many a time I forget about apps I installed on my phone and it is difficult to spot them in the app drawer.  Thanks for this app, it is extremely useful.
Would love to see a "auto backup" function, so that every time an app gets updated, the apk of the old version is backed up.
Thank you sir.
Fantastic
Good App
Super.no need to say anything
Has all the needed features. No, really, all of them! Great app! Whoa, it even has the option to choose the name variation of the extracted Apk. This is a must have app. Thanks for the app, keep it the awesome work :)
Hey That's Pretty Good The app is amazing for extracting and managing apk's
Amazing app Very usefull app better another app.
Beautiful Design, friendly developer.
Clean, no ads, and options to set night mode and trim color. This is how you do it. I love it and will upgrade to support the developer. Oh and it works great, love the share feature. A+
Great app. Easy to use and works great
Loved it! Loved it a lot because of its simplicity, this design is good but it may be improved 🐒🐒🐒
Great app! Any chance an app bulk delete will be added? That would make it perfect!
Great and simple tool.
This app just saved me a ridiculous amount of time. Does what it says no intrusive ads just awesome!
Best!
Nice app Have no issues with it so far works good.
Nice Please add icon in share via list where Bluetooth appears. In background several services running which drains the battery.

Fantastic app for extracting APKs. Straight forward and love the integration with APKMirror!
NICE Pro version also of value
Nice
Useful
This app is definitely the best APK Extractor I've tried!
That's great
Perfect
Good app I liket this app and so usefull app
Great idea Only saw this in ES, now it's here. IN MATERIAL DESIGN.
Unique app and material design good features
Good App Good APP, please include App auto backup facility after every installation.
I love a quality app without ads. However it keeps running in the background till I swipe it from the "Recents"
great it is a very useful app but really the name of app doesn't describe what it does i download it by coincidence  from another app and extract apk i tough like extracting it and modifying the apk file anyway it is very useful app
Best ever
Very nice
It uses background data. For what purpose?
Absolutely fantastic backup program. No ads, fast, customizable.
Simple & Clean app
Love this app! Its the only legit APK extractor.  Very helpful for sharing apps with my friends and making backups.  Also useful for helping out apk mirrors
Amazing! Thanks for making this tool!
great
The only credible and professional APK extractor It is an excellent app indeed, helps if you need to backup an application (apk only) and also if a friend of yours needing an app during difficult times. It is also very polished, beautiful and easy to use. A con however is the long loading time when the app is launched when it is listing all the apps. Maybe caching would ease it down?
Helped a lot doing themes grabbing stock items that weren't in the system dumps. Thanks !
Free version review: Does what I expect, backup my apps with easy to understand names. And you know what? I don't see an ad anywhere.
Can you add a night mode for AMOLED displays by having the dark completely black?
Best Best app
Very very goooood
Easy to use, fast, and no ads
A simple app that only does two things---that are very handy if you don't have root. I do, so I'll continue to use Titanium Backup for such tasks.
Very useful
Easter egg confirmed ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Love it Very usefull application.. Tq creator..
It's great app.
Great 5*s Love this app, material design at its best. Thank you.
Please support Name+ Version+Build Number,Mr. Javier Santos.
Very well thought out app Just needs a dark theme then it'll be perfect!
Simply fantastic
Works great!
Android app backup app
Great app .. you can extract apk easly and fastly .. use it

Great app it helps me keeping the last version of my apps without a need to 
download them again and also share them with friends 😍 I love it
I like it
Beautiful
Very nice and practical
You know you're the best number one application for APK management, 
extraction sharing, and uploading to APKMirror! Thanks so much for your 
time and consideration in this case.
nice simple helpful
Very nice app. Thanks you.
I'm so glad I found this app! I like to save my favorite apps to my google drive so I don't have to look for them all over again... Such a hassle if you forgot the name or etc. I've been thru SO many apks apps & nothing compares to ML! I absolutely love it & it's awesome layout!
Superb extractor. Easy to use and looks and works great. Great job by the dev.
System app update date are not sorted correctly, please fix. Thanks
Great but few issues. Dark UI would be much appreciated for us amoled users. List load and refresh times are very slow for me and unfortunately when you rotate the device it attempts to refresh the list again which is painful. The "Delete all extracted APKs" in settings needs a confirm popup - I just deleted everything with a finger slip. Otherwise it's a very promising app with a great visual layout and easy to navigate! Great job!
لدي ES File ف ما حاجتي بهذا وذلك يدعم كل مميزات هذا وأكثر ! شكراً للقائمين على التطبيق .
Good app needs multiple app to one apk! Needs the ability to all user to pick multiple app in one apk then compress using 7z since 7z compresses the first file & any file the same is not saved but a link to first is made(HENCE ARCHIVE IS DRAMATICALLY SMALLER) so when extraction is done the unpacked folder is the same as original - Ability to link with appmonster etc so you can make a single apk with all your versions of the app saved as one file with the ability to choose which version to install.
Nice app.. Beautiful interface.. Simple and handy. Excellent work by the developer
Continuous FC...
awesome
Useful app For all android users to backup installed app.
Not working on Android N
Works well but I'd like to be able to see the apps version as well as sorting apps from when they are installed/updates.
Great app, unfortunately can't select external storage as destination for saving apk files. Just fails silently when saving.
I like this App Manager a lot. Love it's Material UI. A Dark theme would be lovely though.
Nice Nice app and thanks for the project too on GitHub
Good
Tanks for it.
Two weaknesses keep it from earning five stars. There is no function to group-select all APKs that have been updated since the last backup. Instead, you have to scroll through the list and select each one to add it to the backup list. After you run a backup, the list of APKs doesn't automatically update to show that all have been backed up. You have to exit and restart the app to refresh the list.
Material settings and dialogs feature for Kitkat below devices Hello developer, can you feature dialogs and settings with material design for Android 4.4 and below?
Nice GUI But it don't have the stability. In my note 4 it crashes simply by changing orientation to landscape to portrait. But it looks nice. Shame is not practical
Not bad start Accent color is not used, primary change is affected just after restart, settings icon as primary action doesn't make too much sense.. You shouldn't force all material clues if they are not needed..
Multi choice It will be nice if I can multi choice Apps to extract them all at once.
Great App But where is the "Select All" option? Or at least long press menu?
Unable to extract the apks to external SD card in marshmallow, please update the app.
Happy
Name change.. I like the app but please change the name. I'm not even sure what ML stands for and as someone with many apps I forget what this one is there for. Nice app though. Also not a fan of the brown icon. Ugh.
I have costumed APKs extracted folder destination into my external sd card in ML's setting, but its not works. I use Nougat (7.0) android version
Why doesn't it give the option to share with WhatsApp ?
Can't simply rename APK files with showing version numbers in the specific folder
When you review an app there are are a few prerequisite questions, you have 
to answer before leaving your written review. One of these is, "does the 
app meet your expectations?"... NO it does NOT! The app does not allow the 
user to disable system apps. Nor does it enable the user to batch 
uninstall. I don't care if these were abilities I had to pay for buy 
purchasing the pro version, but the fact that the app doesn't have them, 
just makes it a very good SECOND rate app.
I dont now becuose i baru duonlod i dont now .................................................. ....................
Dark Theme Please added dark theme all app. & settings.
useless - not working for system apps

it can not write to the SD card in Android 7 samsung s7 i select the output folder in the Sd card but nothing happens when I extract to it.
Crashes Crashes Crashes Crashes.. didn't even start once. Samsung Note 3. OS 5.0
I am not at all happy with this app.worst experience ever on play store.As 
I extract app and shared it on Google drive, my Google drive stopped 
unexpectedly. And now every 1 minutes it showing error of sorry ! Your 
Google drive stopped unexpectedly.
Batch extraction is possible, but no batch selection, so each app must be individually selected one at a time! Needs a "Select All" option. A serious omission.









