Good one. GOTpotential
Must File managar
One of the better looking file explorers. Competitive to the more popular ones
Super
Best file explorer in the market. Small, fast, free and nice looking. Me approves.
Legit Open source
Nice app It is amazing concept nd good graphics with great idea love to use it
Upto my expectations. Great app.
Solid File Explorer All the features you expect plus a great user material based interface.
Great file manager ! Great app !
Excellent Supports USB OTG working perfect
I like this app very much! I recommand with all my heart! Good job to developer!
Super Just installed it. Looks and works brilliant!
Almost perfect. I'm just annoyed at how option on each folder pop out on the side in different places ; ) why not make it pop at the center with a header of the folder you choose, in that way it's more formal. Just my suggestion ; )
Perfect! one of the best file browsers out there! lovin' it.
Love it Beautiful. - nexus 6, nexus 9
Great
Good
Super
Wow Nice app, very helpful. Keep your good work, dev.
It is beautiful, need more customisation in terms of usability! Best Light File Manager. Don't screw it up like ES File Explorer Ever Please! Thankyou!
Looking good but... My new favorite file browser
Nice Nice and fast on Nexus 5. Good layout and user experience
Splendid app harikrishna
Booting animation not integrated Every feature and theme is very good. But the screen that shows up first is not integrated into the whole app. The booting logo make this app look amatuer. Except that everything is super. Very good.
Good file manager Good file management app.  Great for organization.
Excellent Only one which shows file folder size and date. Great work.
Thank you! Looks like my search for file explorer is over. I wanted a file explorer which had a gallery that could group based on parent folder. Also it has Wi-Fi file transfer function. Edit: Removed 1 star for non availability of multi window support.
Wow
Works fine The best file manager I've ever tried
OK I give 5 star this app Great app
Great work
This is best file Explorer
Good Wow
Was exactly what I was looking 4 without all the .... complicated lol
Satisfying Good app with attractive icons
Recommend. Great job developer...nice app
Nice app for me
Awesomee!! Great work love this reminds me of iFile for iphone lol. 😄
Great job One app multiple funtionalities,... well designed,simple,userfriendly,less memory... its awesome...

Good and clean job Keep it up.
Awesome app Excellent work sir
Cool app Such a nice app for managingfiles
It work on 8gb external How about on 1terabyte external disk, do u think my phone W370 (cherry mobile) cherry gem can open and views files on a 1 terabyte external storage using this application? I want to know before buying that kind of storage
Awesome work Completes full feature on file management
Good
Nice
Wow full featured loved it 😍
Excellent explorer This amazing app is a professional explorer with a material touch
Nice app very simple and easy to use.
First class The UI and icon are really good.
Hi Ramkesh Pal
5 stars for the translucent bars,  but it should be enabled by default
Open 7Zip
Great explorer, simple yet complete. Found this explorer very simple yet feature rich... I request to add cloud support too. Great support.
Love it! Lightweight with good UI! List items could benefit from a little restyle. For example full height images on the left.
Great app I found it very user friendly
Good design Well done hakr
Good Very nice, very cool app.
Awesome UI This app hit the jackpot in terms of UI and is good to use
Best This is the best file manager I found after one hour of searching. HP touch pad cm9
Superb NICE APP ...VERY USEFUL ... A MUST DOWNLOAD
Very impressed!!!! Simple yet powerful. Clean & beautiful interface.  Lightweight & intuitive. Free & no ads.  No more to ask for :)
Good Job Dude!!!!! One request - when I touch back soft key the app quits..I want it to go to previous folder..
Best file manager for lollipop 5.0 Good features and good ui
Best file manager This is the best material design file manager , it can edit files in both storage (internal and external)
Very very nice,,good working,,,really it help me
Best file explorer Excellent File explorer. By far the best file manager.
Awesome
Just wonderful It is a great app. I love this . It helped me to explore my desired files.
Very good .sure this apps have five Star. Thanks developer.
good
nice.... Try this
Super Simply best
Not bad
Best file explorer This the best file explorer by a mile its really fast and very simple and intuitive.
Awesome thanks
Beautiful Lovee it
Very good
Love it

Gr8 app It's has colossal use and user-friendly app.
Superb file manager. Very usable. Has a clean simple interface.
Superb hari
Nice app
Very helpful to explore
Simply great user friendly app with less size. Really love it.
Impressive Native UI 5 Starts for UI. It seems like I am using Native stock android app only. Some it feels some lack in file reading rest fine.
Very useful
Nice Good app in a smaller size.
Close to normal explorer It is really nice explorer which has almost all com monly used features of fullfledged explorer.
Best file explorer File explorer with full functionality. Design is intuitive and is ics compatible
Nice
Awesome Please keep updating
Music Thanks
Very good File manager
Good app..likes this!!
Simple It's simple and working great
Awesome app next level graphics very smooth interface great job guys i love this app
Every thing works soo smooth. Impressed!!!
Nice
Ravi kiran Good
Very good
5 start for UI, but.. But for speed reading a file/data sometime must be loading for 2-5 second
Good...working Awesome....easy for managing files
Excellent My favorite file manager. One of the better managers out there and has an awesome ui
Sanket
Excellent app .xime
Good explorer app.. Folder icons can be more colourful than just dark icons..
Nice interface Slick interface and intuitive controls, didn't run into any issues
Good one Liked the design.
Osssm file
Great
Great
Nice Application
Love this app great mainly because this app displays folder size that other apps don't show
Thank you bro
100% working thank u so much
Excellent
Good
Thank You.

Just cool
i need this
great program
Great file explorer Awesome design. Fast and fluid on the HTC one. Only suggestion is to add more functions in root mode. Very responsive dev as well.   5 stars when more root functionality is added.
Boleh lah Tapi kenapa gak bisa pindahin dari internal ke otg nya....
Good features than expected 😀😀
Fully functional file browser with a clean design. Could use zooming and scrolling, but great otherwise.
Very good Is an excellent work!
Not bad Cud b a lil better but don't over do it.
Good app Really useful, good design
Its an usefulness and combination of awesomeness....👌
Nadh Worked better before update
Good app
Gorgeous!! Excellent example of a MD app. Just needs to be completely free(no ads) to be perfect xD
Needs a better icon Other than that... Perfect file explorer Quick suggestion: an all white and all dark themes would be good
Good design Do add icon size preferences and progress bar while moving or copying files from one place to another.
Nice app. Liked it very much.
It's real good so far
Thumbnail not loading Everything is good but above problem is the only bug, which is also happening with the pro version.
Awesome 5 Starts for AOSP like UI
Great
Very best app
Great But Missing One Thing... I Would Like to See a Dark Them UI instead of It just Being the White theme
Raelly better Awesome app. Very good interface
I feel gui is some what old appearance and takes t I feel gui is some what old appearance and takes time to give full access bcoz of adds.. apart from that every thing is good and one best thing is it takes less memory when compared with other explorers.,.. DWORKS rocks...
Interesting Simplistic interface; the app itself does what it says
Good but need improvements I really like android new design ui guidelines applied to this app, but you should improve multiselection, please!
Fine I think this app is almost perfect. But a built in image viewer should be there for android below 5 . Rest it's good.
One thing Change the file icon and name in app drawer and you've got a winner
One thing is wrong I can't do copy, cut and past one my HTC m8 if i use translucent mode because the paste button is behind my transclucent navegation buttons. Please fix it!
Plz ad a option for dropbox, google drive.
Just needs one thing Download manager like es explorer needed also es has a unique multi select like you select first one and the last one and press on a icon and everything in between is selected
Delete options There is no option to catch delete files... Please look into it
Good Simple,small and useful app.recommended.
Pro version not up to date? I have purchased pro version it is still old one. When will that get updated?
Excellent. It really is.
Doesn't detect perfect viewer as picture viewer.
Nice Please change the icon, is the only horrible thing about the app, make it a nice colorful flat soft shadow icon or something like that
Good work
Good

Good
Has a lot of useful features 🔲 but can't seem to get access to root "/"
Translation Please remove google translation and let it in english rather.
Doesn't reads some files "failed to query documents" messages are shown, 
everything else works fine.
Great stuff
Great
Learning To Use
Great app 100
Great app great ui and easy to manage and delete files a little work five star app.
CONCERN I like it
Good start yet there is plenty space for improvements Yeah but there are few major drawbacks for me: 1) absence of cloud support. 2) inability to customize bookmark list on sidebar. Personally I don't want see 'images' or 'video' filters and want an option to remove it as well as others bookmarks. Don't know if the app supports OTG but I hope it does.
Not root
Nice but a bit slow at times Slow if you add folder sizes. I also get a shadow over the folder icons on the left which I don't like. It should be a solid white background. And the startup theme is default and it then applies the theme you chose. Finally the side pullout bar could be nicer looking
Ads :(
Give multi delete option plus give option of image viewer so that no 
additional gallery app needed for image viewing.
Nice, clean and efficient app. It was. Until pop-up ads started to appear :(
Good Too good. Easy to understand
Cannot open torrent files I had a torrent file in my sd card and utorrent app installed on my phone. When i tried opening the torrent file, it displayed "cannot open file" and then crashed.
:-( was liking this app until started getting ads in notification bar. ads in apps I can deal with. ads popping up in notification bar sux!
Best UI but It takes too much time to load my system (root) folder than other file manager I was using before. It's ok but needs to be more faster when working with system files. XPERIA Z1 4.4.4 BUILD .157 (LATEST)
Cool app. But it really lacks cloud support. Please add some basic ones like Google Drive or Dropbox.
Needs features No root explorer.  No FTP server.  Too bad!
New version doesn't work Old version working, FC on start since update. Huawei Mediapad X1.
Nothing special.... I mean it's a nice clean simple holo design but it's fairly slow to respond just to navigate let only doing tasks, there's no feature to add personalized bookmarks or edit the default bookmarks, I guess it's just another Android explorer after all lol there's others which I like much better "fylee, clean file manager, tetra, Mi explorer" I mean it's down to personal preference really, there's not a single "best" file manager for all, it's what's best for oneself...
Ok, but..... This app can not hide system app. Plz try to solve this issue.
Just like nG File Manger
I uninstalled and tried reinstalling it.  However, the ads version or free version of Anexplorer is no longer available on Mibox3 - Android TV-Google Play.  Please make it available on Android TV - Google Play.  Thank you.
Please add Option of set home directory. I don't want to open internal storage as my first home.
Good app Please update this app for android kitkat
Good design, but... It cannot delete files.
Please add dark theme ^_^
Nice one,simple one
..less ads please..
OK It does its job
USB Otg not working Good work, but in the description it says that USB is supported, but for me it doesnt work (unless I use stickmount which I prefer not to use). Also, it would be great if it had a dark background theme and cloud support like es does.
Ext Storage Devices Access Fixed ASUS TF300T with Kb Dock [Android 4.2.1]  Ext Storage Devices (MicroSD, SD, USB) Not Displayed BUT App Does Find Photos, Videos, Music on them. UPDATE: Discovered "Possible" Spyware (StageFright)? UPDATEd UPDATE: Per Response from Dev About Ext. Strg. Access Problem - ReInstalled --- Now Able Access Ext. Strg. Devices Thru PHONE &gt; REMOVABLE (Not Avail. Previous Version). Create App Backup Then MOVE to Desired Ext. Strg. Device. Especially LIKE App Backup Function ! THANKS Dev. 'for Fixing' !!!
Good app for using in nokia smartphones though it must be modified but the 
features are ammaging....
Thank you
Oh dear. Yet another app desperate to be noticed but alienating users instead. Will find one less needy. Rate now????? I have now. Update...getting better. Thanks for hard work giys.
It has the meat and potatoes of a basic File Explorer for Android but I'm a 
little disappointed given how pumped up it is in the description. I also, 
as many have mentioned, cannot stand the constant nagging to read the app. 
Some functions better touted don't actually work... It has its charms 
though, and honestly I don't completely dislike it I just wish it tapped 
into its full potential and that the dev would do an overhaul on it given 
all the feedback being given here.

It still can't recognise USB flash drive in my Sony bravia KDL-W800C TV running on Android 7.0. Please fix this soon. Thanks.
No root access on phone? Have on Android tv and has root mode. But not present on phone. Since I have root on phone what's the deal? Wanted to use this but will have to look elsewhere
Disappointing
Not that helpful No option for external sd card! It shows phone storage & internal storage... & some media files from sd card.
Can't open VOB file, no chromecast support. No cloud support, A kind of behind compare to others, like ES  and Solid.
Very annoying advertisements.,
File manager With people support of managing files.. cannot copy paste!?
Sort by folder size didn't work. App manager shows never installed apps. This is very strange. Missing features : Cloud storage, zero data file transfer.
This app is not much different from ES File Manager. I downloaded it 
because of it claims working on Adroid TV BUT it still need mouse on 
Android TV version. Idiot right ? Another annoying matter is it keep asking 
u to rate it once u start the app. How annoying u need to use mouse click 
to dismiss it. Good app good features but idiot design flow. Thumb down. 
Talk about paying so much for pro version. TOTALLY REGRET
if u want a pay app just ask upfront
Not satisfied
IT DOESN'T SEARCH IN OTG
Sd card not working
No its doesn't read USB otg why lie.I give you 0 stars.
Ducks Suck
I no use but now download.plz wait
AsgAr asgar
Huh Two versions of the same app?¿ Both different file sizes¿? Huh!?
Beware! this app became my main file explorer when I found it. The UI went well with ICS and t  he functionality was great. However, I recently found out this app was the cause of receiving ads in the notification bar. I'm talking about nasty scam ads like "you just won I pad". I just uninstalled AnExplorer and the notification ad disappeared.
Hey dude! Crash in the app! Opening Settings? CRASH!!! The Dalvik is crashed on process dalvik.system.PathClassLoader. Please repair it. Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.7.
Lol the name of the app. They forgot to include the keyword "Bitcoin" I 
think. "Cat" is also a good one.
Try Es Explorer, free swiss knife, without ads
Too much ads Too much ads
Trash Can't access external SD Card. Android jellybean 4.2.2
No network support No SMB or uPnP support.
Says it supports AndroidTV but mysteriously only the paid version is installable. Hmmm....
Does not work on tv Files dont show up then an ad pops up and I can't get rid of it have to restart my TV








